{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Please, yeah, a lot of you didn't know. Okay. What I want to cover today, I want to cover a framework that's going to allow you to essentially change the perspective of your prospects. So all those objections you guys just mentioned to me, I'm going to show you a framework on how to shift that how to get your prospects to get themselves out of that way of thinking. So I want to explain something right now. Everyone you speak to has a world view. They've got a frame. They see the world in a lens.\
 All your job is, like there's the lens, right? That's the lens of your prospect. All your job is is to shift that lens and get them to see things from a different perspective. Human beings are meaning making machines.\
 We attach meanings to things. Sometimes they help us and sometimes they hurt us.\
 Because let me ask you a question. Does everybody here on this Masterclass? We've got nearly a thousand of you committed people. Does everybody believe that what you sell will genuinely help your prospects if they went ahead with it? Yes or no? Do you guys believe that what you sell would help your prospects if they purchase your your solution? Yes or no? Do you genuinely believe that?\
 You guys believe that? Okay, 99% of you. So if you generally believe that what you sell will help the prospect, the question becomes, what triggers something in your prospects mine to give you an objection? And the answer to that is they simply have a limiting belief. They have a limitation.\
 they have something holding them back. Now that prospect, understand, goes to bed at night,\
 worse off for not having purchased. So I'm going to show you the framework right now. Who would\
 like me to walk you through the framework, the framework that helped Jeremy Meiner, did you know\
 that that guy was ranked for the 45th High-Sony producer by the Direct Selling Institute, selling\
 anything to anybody worldwide out of 108 million salespeople. So he might know a thing or two when\
 it comes to the handling objections. 45th out of 108 million salespeople. He might know just a couple\
 of things. So let's get into it right now. I'm ready to show you guys the framework because you've been\
 see my screen give me a year in the chat. All right. So my name's Anthony Vazare, VP of revenue for 7th level for those that haven't met me. I'm also co hosting the challenge next week with Jeremy. So for those that registered get ready. It's going to be an epic five days with giving you guys the secret source. We're going to cover a bit today, but we're going to cover majority of it next week. All right. So this is the D frame.\
 reframe framework that I'm going to walk you guys through. Now, let's get through it. So here's the framework. Number one is clarify. Oh, my, see what's going on here. My, the technical difficulties on my side. Let me reassure. I think I share the wrong screen. Guys give me a second. That looks a bit better to me. Okay. Can you guys see my screen still? Yes or no? You guys got me? Yes. All right. I want to make sure I'm not a tech guy guys. I'm good at saying.\
 but I'm not the best at technology. So slap me around if if something breaks here, okay? The framework is we're gonna clarify we're gonna discuss and we're gonna diffuse. Who is heard of this? Framework before the clarified discuss diffuse? Who's heard of this? Some of you might even be clients of ours now advanced programs where I train you on this weekly, especially if you're in my advanced in a circle. No, some of you have some of you haven't. Well, if you have a\
 But get ready, this is going to be unlike anything you've ever seen before. And if you have, I'm about to teach you something we have not released, which is an advancement to that. So the fact that you guys all showed up today, because you're so committed, you're so congruent, you want to hit 2025 or flight. I'm sharing it with you. I'm not holding back here. Okay. Now this is the framework shift formula number one, we want to uncover the real concern by separating what's fact to what's meaning, which I'll explain.\
 to in just a minute. Second, we're going to defame, challenge or cast down on the current frame of the prospects.\
 And thirdly, we're going to reframe, which is introducing you frame, aligned with their goals and get buying.\
 I'll use you, I'd be taking notes. If you want to sell more, if you want to learn some skills here. Okay?\
 Now, what does defame actually mean? Well, defame based on human psychology means abolishing or\
 casting doubts on current frames and meanings. So I'm casting doubts. So if somebody gives me a\
 It's to expensive objection. I'm essentially defraining them. I'm taking them out of that way of thinking by casting doubt on their frame. That's what I'm doing. So I'm abolishing their beliefs.\
 which I'll show you in just a minute. I'll even go through some examples. I might even be able to pull one or two of you up later on if we got some time. Now once I've cast the doubt, what's a reframe? Well, a reframe is providing an alternate frame or meaning for a situation. So once I've cast the doubt on your frame, okay, which is the lens you see the world in, then I've moved it to the side.\
 because I've casted down, then I've opened the gate for a new frame. So I'll grab the new frame\
 from over here and plunk right in front of your eyes. That's the new frame. That's a reframing.\
 I'm reframing you. Don't worry, I will go through some examples. Is my pace okay, everybody?\
 I want to get through this today and I want to teach you guys, you okay with my style and my pace?\
 You guys call with this? Or do you need me like slow it right down? Which I can, but I just will not\
 be able to get through as much. Some people are saying slow down. Most people are saying they're\
 okay with my pace. Speed up, says Oscar. Chris says good, Joseph, Jake, Marcus, Kendra, it's good.\
 All right, I think majority of you saying I'm good. Okay, it's a shame this is live, otherwise if it was\
 recorded, you could just go to zero dot five speed for the ones that want me to slow down,\
 but it's alive. You can't do that unfortunately. All right. Let's keep going. Now, we've got facts,\
 versus meanings. Now, one other thing guys I really want to say is I thrive off the chat box,\
 and I thrive off feedback. I don't want to be a puppet for the next. Whatever we got, 45 minutes.\
 So I want you to smash the reactions button. I want you to smash the reactions button. Okay, smash that down below. You'll see it press it hit the reactions. That fuse me that knows I'm on the right track and I'm sharing you the right things. All right, so hit that reactions button. Keep that chart box firing good job and the chat box is down below. All right, so make sure you guys are going through that now back to the screen share. And let's keep this going.\
 So we've got facts versus meanings. Now, anyone that's done any sort of like an OP, I haven't\
 personally gone deep into an OP, but anyone that's done any sort of neural linguistic programming\
 would have an understanding of a bit of this. I'm applying this to the sales arena because that's\
 what this is about. You're all here to learn some skills to sell more. Okay. So we've got facts versus\
 meaning. Now facts, listen to this, facts are objective realities or events that can be observed\
 can be measured or verified through sensory experience. Sensory experience. They can be observed,\
 they can be measured. So you know the five senses. I don't need to take everybody back to primary school.\
 So if you can sense those, those are facts. If I can hear an explosion going off behind me,\
 that's a sensory experience. That's a fact. I can hear a sense. We can't dispute that. If I can see,\
 If I can see over 1,000 people on the Zoom call right now, that is a fact because I can see it.\
 If I can touch my microphone and I can feel that this is a microphone, that is a fact. I'm not making that up.\
 Does that make sense, everybody? Does that make sense? What effect is? You guys get it?\
 I don't need to tell you what effect is, right? You want to stay in that? Yes? Okay, perfect.\
 Now, tell you why this is important in just a second. Now, facts are also neutral and they're\
 free from interpretation. They're free from interpretation. There is over 1,000 people in the Zoom\
 call. I can't interpret that and say, well, you know what, that one actually might look like a seven.\
 Is there 7100 people? Is there 1,100? No, it's fact. It's 1,100 people. Okay? They universal,\
 Anybody observing them would agree. That's what a fact is. Okay. Another fact. I've got a bit of a funny accent. Do you know where that's from?\
 It's interpretation until you actually know. But if you knew where I'm from, you would say, "Oh, you've got an accent. That's a fact."\
 That is a fact. I haven't Australia. You guys got it. No, I'm not a Kiwi. They're my cousins, but I'm not a Kiwi.\
 I don't have a New Zealand accent. I'm Australian. Okay, so the fact is, I have an Australian accent. The choice somebody said, I don't know about that. So examples of facts in the sales arena, the price is 2497.\
 Fact, if that's what you're selling your, your, your program for or your offer for or your service or your product. I've never invested that amount of money before. If that is a fact, then that is a fact.\
 The car has traveled 50,000 miles. That is a fact. If it reads that on the Adometer. This is the first company I've looked at that can be a fact. And then we go to meanings. Okay.\
 Now we go to meanings, write this down. "Meanings are personal interpretations, judgments, or emotional responses we assign to the facts." We assign to the facts. Who are we? Us, human beings. You, your prospects, your family, your friends. Any single person that's a human being is assigning their own perspective or interpretation.\
 to the facts. These are subjective and shaped by your own individual beliefs, your own experiences and your own emotions.\
 And when you realize this and when you learn what I'm about to show you, this is going to make so much sense to you.\
 And you're going to realize why you've been coming up against all those objections you told me you're getting at the start.\
 These meanings also vary from person to person.\
 Example of meanings. I should explore other options before I decide. I just want to go through three more quotes.\
 Sound familiar.\
 I might be rushing into this decision. I don't make rush decisions.\
 Hmm.\
 Could be trouble. Are these sounding familiar?\
 What if there's a better deal out there? What if somebody's got it cheaper?\
 This is too risky for me. What if it doesn't work and I lose my money? What if the panels don't actually lower my power bill? What if there's a better policy out there for me to protect my family? It's not brand new. It might not be as good. Six weeks might not be enough to solve my problem.\
 What are you noticing with the meanings versus the facts? What are you guys noticing really quickly? Let me know down below. What are you noticing?\
 They're subjective, yes, their opinions, yes. They're based on emotion. Oh, it's really good. There are some things. They're doubts. They're excuses. They're opinions. More importantly, what are they? More importantly, what are all the meanings? Who's going to tell me? Who's going to tell me? I haven't seen it yet. There we go. Objections. Sam, you've got it. Julia, you've got it. Jay, you've got it. Bernard.\
 Gwendolyn feelings, yes, they are objections. So that's what I'm here to show you. The objections are the meanings your prospects are giving you. They are not the facts. You guys picking up what I'm putting down so far. You guys picking this up. All right. Good. Facts are neutral, but meanings and emotions are perspective. Your prospects.\
 Art objecting to the facts. Let me repeat that. Your prospects are not objecting to the facts. They object to the meanings they've attached to the facts.\
 This is some advanced stuff. I don't know if you guys are ready for this. You guys ready for what I'm about to teach you here. Some of you're going to like get off this zoom and go close a ton more deals once you start getting some of this stuff. And for the ones coming to the challenge next week, wait till we go even deeper. We're going to be like role playing live Jeremy's going to do a role play. We're going to be pulling out top point one percent clients up from different industries, B to B to C cold calling out bound in bound calling zoom calls.\
 or a daughter's matter what you sell. So next week, make sure you guys are there alive. So I'm going to go through this in even more detail. All right. Somebody said, I'm ready, but I can't tell if everybody in this chat box is real. Ethan, I have a confession to make. I have a confession. Please don't hate me. The 1,100 people on this Zoom call except you Ethan. They're all bots. They're all fake. They're all robots. All of them accept. And they're all robots. And they're all robots. And they're all\
 you're the only person that registered out of the 79,000 people we email to join this session.\
 Don't get mad at me, Ethan, please, please don't get mad at me. You're the only real person here.\
 I'm just kidding. Are you guys real? I don't know. Are you guys real?\
 I'm a bot. Are you guys real? This is AI. I'm a bot, I'm a bot for real. I'm kidding.\
 Of course this is real. Guys, we've got like hundreds of thousands of people on our\
 committed 1,179 people that showed up. So good on you. Now let's keep moving. Your role is to help your prospects separate the fact from the meaning and introduce a new perspective. That is your role. Separate the fact from the meaning. I'm going to give you a test right now. Go back to school, go back to college, go back to uni.\
 What is the fact behind the I need to think about it objection? What is the fact behind that objection? Let me know down below. What's the fact behind that objection?\
 Don't trust you. It's a stall. It's a smoke screen like a truss. Someone got it. Someone got it. Slow down this chat. You guys are on fire today. Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? Somebody said it. But I missed it. I got in to your name. Somebody said it. The answer is we don't know yet. We don't know yet. We don't know what the fact is.\
 is why because some of you got it right because it's a smoke-screen objection. So that's why we can't handle a think about an objection. Smash those reactions buttons right now if you guys are learning something. I'm going through the psychology and then I'm going to show you some some examples of how this applies. So keep smashing that reaction button for me. Excellent. Good job. We don't know what the fact is. How could we when they get to the point of the point of the point of the point of the point of the point of the point of the point of the point of the point of\
 as a smoke screen. That's why if you guys are trying to handle a smoke screen\
 objection, I think about it, you're not able to do that. It's not a real\
 objection. Okay, first we need to find the real fact. So step one is\
 clarify what's your goal? Understand the surface level\
 objection clearly. Step two here is take action. I want you to ask\
 open-ended questions to explore what the prospect really means\
 by what they say, that's how I find the meaning to the fact. Ask the question.\
 So in this scenario, if somebody says, I need to think about it, how can I get the real\
 objection first? What's the fact? I need to find the fact, with a question I would ask is,\
 yeah, that's not a problem, John. I guess what is it you'd like to go over in your\
 mind just to see if I could help clarify then the prospect will give me what they mean by I want to think about it. But I'm not going to handle I want to think about it objection. That's why we can't overcome that objection because it's not real. You can't overcome something that is fake. You guys picking up what I'm putting down. You guys getting this. Who's getting it? Let's see. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.\
 Benard's getting it, J, Miren, yes, picking it up. All right, good. Let's keep moving. This is a high level room. You guys are committed. We must be to show up today. Okay. Next up, what do we have? We've got step two, which is uncover. uncover is all about identifying the real concern by separating the facts from the meanings. Ask questions to uncover the root issue. That's what we're doing. So for example,\
 Let's say they give me an objection. I could say, well, is it more about X or is it more Y or something else? Like when you say X, what do you mean by that? So let's say for example, I get a, I need to think about it objection. And then I set my step one is I want to get the real objection. So yeah, that's not a problem Anthony, but when you say you want to think about it, I guess what is it you'd like to go over in your mind.\
 just to see if I could help. Now really important my tonality here is helping with this. I'm very\
 what are you guys noticing with my tonality as I say this? What are you guys noticing?\
 Sincere neutral concerned yes non-judgmental empathy exactly. I'm very disarming because\
 In the moment, a prospect gives you an objection, they go into a state of fight or flight. Because they feel like you're doing something to them. But you know, selling is about doing something for people not two people. So I need to get them out of feeling threatened otherwise they feel back into a corner. Ready to get attacked. Our primal brain goes back thousands of years.\
 We've got this ingrained in us that if we feel threatened, people will close down and shut down.\
 So I your tone, and we're going to go over this in a lot more depth next week for those that are coming to the challenge, the five-day challenge.\
 And even my body language, what am I doing with my hands? With my hands up like this? What am I doing? What am I showing? What am I showing with my hands? I'm not threat. I'm unarmed.\
 I'm an out. Why am I showing that? So I don't show my hands. Our primal brain, those back thousands of years is questioning, what does this guy have a weapon? Is he going to hurt me? So these are all advanced tactics will go through more of that next week. We don't have time to go through the advanced body language and personality, but over the challenge will go through some more of that. So then it's like, is it more about X or is it more about why? Why do I do that? So I'm going to do that. So I'm going to do\
 want to find out what it really means. So I'll give you an example in just a minute. But let's say you get a think about it objection they say, well, you know, it's just a lot of money. I might say, well, when you say it's a lot of money, what do you mean by that? And they might say, well, you know, it's just a lot of money. You know, I just want to kind of go over it in my mind. I want to find what the fact is. I might say, okay, when you say it's a lot\
 You don't have the money right now or is it that you're just a bit uncertain whether you want to put it into something like this and be real with me.\
 And most of the time depending on what you sell, it's going to be the fear.\
 It's most of your prospects give you fear-based objections.\
 Because when we all agree that if something was in need and you needed something,\
 would we all agree that you would get resourceful to be able to make it work if it was a priority for you?\
 Like we're all resourceful human beings when we need to be right.\
 But when it's not a priority or when it's not a need or when we have fear,\
 our brain, human psychology attaches a meaning to something and starts to give us what?\
 Self-doubt talks us out of it.\
 gives us all the meanings that we attach to the facts. So that's what I'm getting to the root cause of. And then I'm going to de-frame them. I'm going to challenge they can't perspective to create doubt, which is gently questioning the assumptions without being confrontational without being pushy without being sowsy because I don't want to do what? I don't want to trigger sales resistance. So if they say it's too expensive, well could I say, well, too expensive compared to what?\
 I'll show you why I'm doing that in just a minute. And then I'm going to reframe them. I'm going to introduce a new perspective align with their goals. I'm going to shift the focus away from the objection, away from the objection, which is a disempowering state to the outcome, which is going to empower them. It's going to help them. It's going to shift them forward with whatever help they need to get to where they want to go. Wherever they need to go.\
 What if this isn't about the cost but rather what you get from it? Now I'm introducing my reframe. What if this isn't, let's say you sell insurance? What if this isn't about how much you're putting in now? But rather what this means for your family when something happens to you. See the reframe? I'm shifting the focus from the objection over to the outcome.\
 Let's have something solar. Well, what if this isn't about what you're putting in now? But rather, where this is going to leave you in 10 years, when you don't have to rent your power anymore, and you can actually own it. So you stop getting forced to pay the energy hacks. We're difference with that make a lot of frozen you guys still see me.\
 Yes, am I moving because I'm frozen on my end. What's going on over here? You're a friend. I'm frozen. That could be trouble. Give us a second. Everybody. The the told you like I said. I'm not. I'm not the best at technology. All right. Give me the biggest takeaway in the chat guys. What's that get my camera fixed. What's your biggest takeaway right now biggest takeaway in the chat. Let me know. Biggest takeaway so far. We've got reframing. What else have we got?\
 What else have we got as far as takeaways? Let me know guys down below. Let me know. I want to know where the takeaways are at. Yes, yes, we've got some good ones here. Take away. Take away. What's the harm moment? What are you guys noticing? What are you guys seeing? What are you guys seeing? And you're going to start to see how this applies to you and what you sell.\
 really important. All right, we should be back everybody tell me if you can see me and my back and my\
 lives hopefully you guys can see me. You guys see me? We're good. Okay. All right, I'm\
 seeing some really good takeaways guys. Really, really good takeaways.\
 Reframing put you in the conversation. Yes, yes, yes. All right, let's keep it moving. So what if this is about the cost? What if this is about what you get from it? And then I'm going to diffuse the objection. I'm going to really lock in and solidify the resolution and confirm the commitment and cut them to reflect on their next steps. You may have heard this before. Some most of you have it. So rather than the sumptiff close. So do you want to put it on the red car or the blue car?\
 You're on the red one or blue one. Do you want on the A-mix or the visa? So you can see why it makes a hundred percent sense for you to get started today right?\
 Mr Prospect guys that triggers sales resistance. We don't want to do any of that.\
 So I want to diffuse it in a way by saying well, what do you feel would be the best step to put yourself in the path?\
 To actually getting your business to where it needs to go.\
 What do you feel to be the best step to put you and your family in the\
 happens to send you in the kids when something happens to you. What do you feel would be the next best thing to do to put you in your business in the best position to be able to scale the revenue 50 k per month? What do you feel you'd need to do to put yourself in the best possible position to start attracting the right type of leads so you don't have to get back on the tools. You can plug this in, doesn't matter what you are selling.\
 Now, objection examples. You want me to go through some examples here. Let me know who wants me to go through some examples.\
 Much more collaborative. I love that. Good one. Yes, you guys want some examples. All right. Oh, we've got some clients here. Someone's in our any preview fundamentals. If you're James Murphy, great to have you here. Someone like you that's even in some of our basic trainings.\
 you're still here and you know there's another level. So I'd love to see it. Let's go through the I need to think about it objection. Who gets the I need to think about it objection. I do I do. All right, let's go through some objections. What do you feel you need to go over in your mind just as you fuck it help step one that's clarifying. So I need to think about it. Yeah, that's not a problem I guess what do you need to go over in your mind.\
 just to see if I could help. I am there to help you, but not there to help you and my tonality is very disarvel. Prospect says, "Oh well, it's the money." All right. Now I get rid of the smoke spring because I can't handle I need to think about it. I can handle the real objection. They give me the money. And then I'm going to proceed with the next steps for the money objection. Okay. So that's step one.\
 Step two, it's too expensive.\
 Well, what do you mean by the money, Anthony?\
 When you say the money, what do you mean by that?\
 Well, you know, it's just too expensive.\
 And now let me clarify, when you say it's too expensive,\
 what specifically do you mean by that?\
 Ah, well, it's just, you know, it's just a lot of money.\
 I, you know, I'm just don't feel comfortable\
 investing that amount right now.\
 Okay, and just so I'm clear, is it that you don't have the funds right now or you're just a little unsure if you should put it into it. Which one is it.\
 Oh, well, you know, I, you know, I've got the funds. I just don't, I just don't feel this is the right thing for me. Now, there are pieces in between. I don't have time to go through everything, but if you show up to the challenge next week, we'll go through that. There are some things in between that you're going to need to to\
 I would say, well, money aside, would you do it? And then I get them back into\
 outcome based thinking. And I'll do that. I'll do that between\
 clarifying and couple. Yeah, that's not a problem. And now,\
 money aside or investment aside, would you actually do it?\
 Prospect would say, yes, I would. And then I'll say, well, hold on, why would you do it though?\
 Oh, well, because it's going to help me do X and Y and Z. Okay, we're just so I'm clear.\
 Based on what we went through, can you actually see how getting a policy in place? Would help you protect your family in the event something happens to you? Yes, I would.\
 So now I take them away from the objection back up into the outcome. And then I'll look back around. Okay.\
 So when you say it's to expensive, is that you don't have the funds right now, you just a little unsure if you want to put it in something like this. And you can be real with me. Very disarming. I'm getting the real objection. I'll say, well, listen, it's just too expensive. I kind of forward that right now. Okay, and just just to understand when you say it's too expensive. Competitive what?\
 That's a comparative frame. I'm getting the prospect to tell me what they're comparing the expensive being too. Because remember, let's say I'm selling something for $30 a month, a policy. The prospect telling me, I need to think about it, is not a real objection. Then I uncover the real objection which is money. Okay, but then I need to separate what's the fact to the meaning.\
 The fact is it's $30 a month. They're not objecting to the $30 a month. They're not objecting to the $50,000 solar panel. They're not objecting to the $20,000 retainer if you're selling professional services marketing, lead generation anything like that. They're not objecting to that. When I ask it's too expensive compared to what now. That's helping me understand what they mean by what they say. Well, it's too expensive.\
 I've never invested that amount before. Ah, now I'm getting the meaning and I'm\
 defraining their way of thinking. I've never invested that amount before. It's too expensive.\
 With two-ed spades of compared to what? Well, I'll just, you know, because I've never made that level of investment, I don't feel comfortable with it.\
 So what they're really telling me now is because I've never invested that amount before,\
 That means it's too expensive. You guys picking up what I'm putting down there. You guys see what I just did there. Yes, you guys seeing this. I'm seeing the reactions fly which is great. You guys picking this up. All right. Good. Good. Good. Loving it.\
 Yes, we're getting it. All right, excellent guys. Looks like you guys are getting this. Okay. Let's get back over. So, then I'm going to shift them away from thinking about the objection to the outcome. Well, what if this isn't about what you're putting in? What if this is more about what you actually get? Because what difference would it make?\
 Being able to generate 30 extra leads every single month to the business, be real with me.\
 Boom, I've reframed them. Well, what if this isn't about what you're putting in, but rather what this actually brings to your family?\
 Because be real with me.\
 What difference would it make if you could go to bed every single night with the peace of mind knowing your family are protected when something happens to you?\
 What difference would that make? So rather than focusing what you're putting in, could I suggest it'd be more helpful to focus on what you get from up? Because that's the reason you're hearing the first place isn't it to be able to protect your family?\
 Am I going to advance for you guys? You guys getting this? Let me know.\
 I told you I'm not home back today guys I'm not holding back on which has a new framework. Got it got it all good getting it. Keep going alright this is awesome alright. Let's go let's keep moving and then I'm gonna diffuse it. What do you feel'd be the best that for you to get to XYZ goals? What do you feel would be the best next step for you to put you and your family position to get the protection you need?\
 What do you feel would be the best step for you to be able to put your family in the home that they've been looking for?\
 All right, another objection. I don't have the time.\
 Who wants me to go through this one? Is anyone get the item? Have the time objection?\
 Oh, yeah, it sounds all good. I just don't have the time to do this right now.\
 You know, when get this one objection? All the time you get the time objection all the time,\
 The irony, let's keep going. So clarify, when you say you don't have the time, what do you mean by that? All right, want to know what they mean by they don't have the time. Is it remember? Now I'm going to separate the facts from the meaning now before that remember there's another section to this, which we're going to be going through on day two next week on January 22nd on the five day challenge where me and Jeremy, you're breaking down even further.\
 the objection handling framework to have more time we run for about two and a bit hours over those days. So I'll say like well hold on time aside.\
 Do you actually feel like this would help you get from like where you're at to where you want to go.\
 Objection aside grab the objection throw out the window.\
 Would time aside you actually feel like this would help you? Yes, I do Anthony. Well, we'll hold on why do you feel it would do.\
 Well, because of what you said, X, Y, and Z.\
 And why do you feel like that would help the most though? Remember, I've just taken them out of focusing on the limitation and focusing on the outcome because that you're there to sell an outcome. You're not there to sell the time. I'm there to sell you on what you putting in the time will actually bring you.\
 then I could uncover it. Well, is this real or not? Okay, well, just let's go back for a minute. When you say you don't have the time is it that you literally don't have any hours in the day or you're just a little unsure if this is a priority for you. Be real with me. Why am I doing that? Because it's not a time objection. Does everybody on this call make time for the things that are priority to them? Whether you've got a family, maybe you've got kids.\
 You've got bills to pay. Just everybody make time for the things that you make a priority for. The answer is yes. We make time for things that we believe in our minds our priority. That is the truth of human beings. If we don't fill things are a priority, we do not make the time. We see this in fitness all the time.\
 Does everybody have the same 24 hours in a day? Yes or no? Yes. Everybody's got the same 24 hours in a day. Why does some people go to the gym? Why does some people work out and others don't? Well, the ones that don't, they don't have what? Majority the time they don't have what? They don't have the time. But is it they don't have the time or it's not a priority enough for them?\
 Because if it was a priority, you would make the time. If it was a priority, you would be disciplined. That is the frame that we're going out right here. Then I'll say, well, I'm just too busy Anthony you don't understand. I'm working 70 hours at like 70 hours a week right now. Okay, we'll be with me like when you say too busy to busy compared to what's actually taking up your time right now.\
 that this would replace or compliment. What's taking up your time? Well, I'm doing this. I'm doing that. I'm doing this.\
 Well, what if I was to tell you that it's not about how much time you have now, rather how much time you would gain if you had a better system in place to generate leads to the business if you're selling Legion.\
 Right. Let's say you're selling fitness. Do everybody here at sales fitness?\
 Anybody still fitness, like fitness or like health coaching or some sort of like like coaching program where somebody has to put in some work to get better at something. Your coach. Yep. All right. If you're here that a coach is perfect. So, let's say, let's say you sell coaching. I said, I don't have the time right now, Anthony. What I said this. Okay. Well, could I make a suggestion?\
 Let me stop the screen share for a second so you guys can see me. All right. Perfect. You guys are seeing me. There we go. You guys can see me. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. All right. Excellent. Okay. Something fitness and they say, listen, I just don't have the time. I would say, well, could I could ask a question when you say you don't have the time. What do you mean by that? Well, I'm just so busy. I'm working a lot of hours. I'm working a lot of hours. I'm working a lot of\
 Okay, well, just be real with me. When you say like you're working a lot of hours, I can totally appreciate that. Do you mind if I share with you a different perspective? Well, this is my lead into my de-frame reframe. Ask for permission. Do you mind if I make a suggestion? Do you mind if I share with you a different perspective? Remember, they've given me their frame. Their frame is I'm too busy. I don't have the time.\
 I'm too busy. I don't have the time. Means. I can't do this in their mind. So then I'll say, well, do you have the same? Would you agree that everybody's got the same 24 hours in a day? Yes, everybody's got the same 24 hours in a day, but I'm just really, really busy. And I don't doubt how busy you are because I can see that, you know, you're working hard to support your family.\
 But you might have shared it from perspective because what if I told you it wasn't really what you thought it was? What do you mean? Well, what if I told you it doesn't necessarily come down to how much time you have, but how much time you're willing to make for the things in your life that are a priority for you? So the question I have for you is how important is it for you to lose 50 kilos? So you can fill in your life. And you can fill in your life. And you can fill in your life. And you can\
 the best version of yourself before you're wedding. Like how important is that to you? Yeah, you know, that's that's really important, Anthony. I just I don't know like I'm just really busy. Well, could I suggest rather than focusing on the time that you're going to be putting in? To focus more on what you get from it. Because be real with me. Let's say you went to the gym for the next three months. What difference do you think that would make?\
 to you personally in the way you look and feel before your wedding. You know, listen if I was able to lose the 30 kilos, I'd feel amazing for my wedding. And be real with me, like take me to that moment. That moment you walked down the aisle. You're walking down the aisle. How does that feel knowing you did everything you could to feel your best self? Because you committed the time, you're not going to be a good person. You're not going to be a good person. You're not going to be a good person. You're not going to\
 to do the things that were going to help you. What would that feel like?\
 That would feel that's full amazing. So be real with me. Are you willing to stop\
 allowing time to be the roadblock that gets you to what you've been dreaming of,\
 which is to have the ideal body, the health and the lifestyle that you've been wanting?\
 I am, let's say they keep going, right? I'm going to be hard here. Now, generally they come around. Let's say they just keep going. Anything you listen. It's just, listen. I'm really busy. I won't have the time to work out. Could I ask you a question? Go ahead. Do you know anybody out there that is also busy? They're working a lot of hours. They've got four kids. They're just out there. They're busy. They're just, they're just crazy.\
 busy, they're running businesses, yet they're still in shape. Do you know anybody like that?\
 Yes, I do. Well, what do you feel that person does differently to you? Because we all\
 have the same 24 hours, like think about it for a minute. What is that person\
 do differently? Oh, well, you know, I don't know, you know, maybe it's more of a commitment.\
 Well, can you see how it's got nothing to do with time, it comes down with a priority.\
 So the question becomes, is why hasn't the speed of priority for you in the past 15 years?\
 Because that's the real reason you haven't achieved your goals, isn't it?\
 Yeah, I guess it's just, you know, I know it's going to be a lot of hard work.\
 And I appreciate that. So the question is, would your rather put in the hard work now? Or\
 your rather put in the hard work later when the health complication started happening?\
 What you could do, I'm just concerned for you, that that's not what's best for you,\
 based on the discussion we've had. Because what's going to happen if you put this off for another\
 three, six, 12 months, your health spirals out and then you're not even able to work because you have to stay home. Like what's going to happen with that point. Yeah, I guess, you know, that makes a lot of sense. You're right.\
 It's not about me being right. It's about you doing what's going to be best not just for you and the way you want to feel by your wedding, but also what's best for the future version of yourself. Because be real with me.\
 The pathway you're wrong right now based on what you said and what your doctor told you. As you know.\
 That pathway's not looking good for you. If you were to fast forward to that version of yourself five years from now,\
 That's got their health complications that's even more over way, even more unhealthy.\
 If that version of yourself was sitting next to you right now, what do you think that'd be telling you to do in this moment?\
 Would that probably be telling me to do it? Why do you think that'd be telling you to do it?\
 Well, because, you know, they want me to change the trajectory on. And whose responsibility is it?\
 to change the trajectory you're on, not just for yourself, but your family. So they can have a mother, they can play with them rather than have an astane bed all day. Who's responsibility is that? Well that's mine. So the question isn't whether you have the time or not, the question is, are you willing to take the responsibility that you need to take to make this a priority? So you don't end up being that person that you don't want to be. Because that choice is that you don't want to be. Because that choice is that you don't want to be. Because\
 yours. All right, see, I'm getting carried away here. I wasn't even supposed to go through all that and I'm getting carried away. Is this making sense guys? You guys still with me? Did everyone just duck out? They're like, are you lost me Anthony? This is making sense. Goodbye. Does it make sense? Let me see. You could either speak like an Aussie or a Texan, but not both.\
 Everyone reckon they got different accents today. So for next week great stuff Anthony. Ah, you must be coming to the challenge Russ. I'll see you next week. All right. What else? Myron says gold excellent. Guys are getting this is excellent. This is really, really good Patrick says on fire. Awesome. I'm glad you guys are getting this. The last bit was very long winded, but I get it. Yeah, now me show. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work. I'm doing a lot of work.\
 going to role play without somebody in front of me, so I'm just showing you examples.\
 When you're having a conversation with someone and you've done the work upstream, when you've done the work upstream, it'll all come together.\
 All right.\
 It's not going to go that long.\
 I'm doing like pausing in between and things like that just to show you guys the framework.\
 But don't be afraid of sitting in the saddle.\
 Because here's the thing, objection handling.\
 a lot of people handle objections like, "I need to think about it."\
 - No, you've already thought about it.\
 You've been thinking about it for the past five years.\
 What is that I think about?\
 - Doesn't work, guys.\
 It's outdated.\
 People don't buy into that.\
 What I'm doing is I'm shifting someone's entire,\
 entire perspective.\
 They're entire perspective.\
 So that they can see things through different lens,\
 where it's not about the time,\
 it's\
 a security because that's the only thing that is going to allow you to achieve what you want to make or what you want to get to. So is this a priority for you? That's what I'm doing paradigm shift. Yes exactly right exactly. All right. I don't have time to go through everything. It's a limited by time, but let's see what else I got here for you. I need to talk to my partner. What part do you feel like you want to go over with them? I just want to go over like, you know,\
 You know, just want to walk it through them. I just want to get their buy-in. All right. Is it more about getting their buy-in or are you a bit unsure if this is the right thing for you? Now I'm trying to get their objection now. And then I would say something like this. I would say, okay, well be real with me. If your partner was here right now and she wanted you to do this, would you do it? And most of the time they'll say yes, I'll do it. Well, why would you do it though? Oh, do it\
 I can see why this would actually help me. Okay, well aside from it, like just helping you, why would you?\
 Being the one that's going to have to wake up in the morning, put on your shoes, go to the gym, do the workout, watch what you eat, why would you\
 actually put in the work to do it? Because I want to change. Boom, out of the objection\
 into the outcome. See what I'm doing? And then I would say, so like be real with me, then I'll say, is it about when you say your partner is it about like going to your partner and getting their permission or is it, you know, just wanting to make sure this is the right thing for you. Because be real me. If you went to your partner right now, is she going to be supportive of you wanting to learn the skills to lose the way.\
 So you can feel like a better version of yourself is she supportive of that? Yes, or no? If the answer is yes, I would say, well, hold on. Why would she be supportive of you losing the weight though? Why is she supportive of that? Oh, because it's gonna, you know, change everything for me and she's been telling me to do something about this for forever.\
 What do you feel she would say if you went to her and said you wanted to get some help to lose the weight then? And then he might say well she might say it's a lot of money or they'll give me an objection or she might say this she might say that this is where I'm going to start to reframe them.\
 I would say well if you went to your partner and she said no what are you going to do.\
 If you went to your partner right now, no, what would you do?\
 They're either gonna say, I would do it anyway,\
 or they would say, well, I don't know,\
 I'd have to try to convince her.\
 If they say they're gonna do it anyway,\
 get that dual-done right here right now.\
 They don't have to speak to their partner.\
 They're gonna do it anyway.\
 If they say I would have to try to convince them,\
 then I'm gonna try to defray them out way\
 And here's the thing you could go speak to Cindy. I just don't feel that's really what's best for you.\
 Because here's the thing you could go to Cindy. I'm not going to blame her for telling you not to do this. You know why?\
 Well, well why? Because it's not her responsibility.\
 Who's responsibility is to actually put in the work to lose the weight? Is that\
 "signage responsibility?" Or is that yours?" That's mine. So if that's your responsibility, are you willing to own that and do everything you can to put yourself in the position to be able to prove to your wife? Why you're doing the things you're doing?\
 Because the real reason you're doing this is so you can have a better relationship with the kids, right? We can actually play with them.\
 So how important is it for you to be able to play with the kids or whatever outcome they told me?\
 See what I'm doing that? I'm reframing their way of thinking, where it's not your wife's responsibility and I might even pull in an analogy at that point.\
 So I'm deframing their way of thinking and bringing it back to...\
 Well, what are you going to do if she says no? Well, I don't know after the commintar. Well, you could do that. I just think that's what's best for you because really at the end of the day who's responsibility is it whether you do this or not.\
 Because I don't blame your wife for saying no, do you know why? Because she's seen you for the past 20 years not putting the work to do this. Have you considered that she may be feeling like you're not going to be out of commit to it?\
 So what are you going to do as the father and the husband to prove everybody wrong that enough is enough and it's time for you to get what you deserve?\
 So how much of a priority is this for you to lose the way so you can insert goal.\
 All right. Now that's more of a B to C. If it was B to B, I would tweak it a bit because they can be a logistical partner objection in B to B where it's a genuine concern.\
 We have ways to handle that as well. We're going to be covering that on Tuesday on the day two of the crush your commissions challenge. If you guys didn't register for that for some reason about 50% of you did if you didn't register for that for some reason.\
 Just say I didn't register down below team maybe drop a link for those that came late to register for that challenge free five day challenge me and Jeremy are running that's going to be epic guys.\
 All right, has this been helpful today? Has this been helpful everybody? I don't have time to go through everything here. But I've really enjoyed this now. For next week. So just remind me one more time who has registered for the challenge? Who has registered for the challenge next? You guys gonna get mad at me if I stay on for a maybe 20 30 minutes. Would you guys get angry at me if I did that? I want to see who the real committed people.\
 We already had about 300 people jump off. I love doing this. I wait to the end and I don't say anything and then I say a lot of people that come to us and join our challenges in these math classes then you they're like, hey, I've just started selling.\
 I want to learn the skills right away. They're not like the wing isn't a dabblos not the people like tennis if you guys watch the tennis tournament.\
 Is it the market is it their age? No, you know what it is. It's because.\
 A lot of people believe the lie that they don't need to keep learning. I'm not talking to you guys because you're here. You obviously know that something that you do not sing something you did. So I'm excited for you guys that are attending the challenge. Now, there is a Facebook group that you're doing something differently than we've ever done. My question is X. So my question is, answer your question and then tell me what you sell. I sell solar door to door. I sell solar to. I sell solar to. I sell solar to. I sell solar to. I sell solar to.\
 they'll lead Gen via Zoom or I do cold calling. I've got a really good tip for you. And anybody selling any sort of coaching or like fitness or something like that where there's some accountability. The sale is made in that sort of offer by.\
 Combating the excuses your prospects give you now. We're gonna teach you this framework next week, but in one of our phases of any pq the phases called solution awareness questions. We're gonna be giving you that structure next week\
 If you're in VIP, we're ready giving you the scripting template. So just pull it up now and you see it you follow along and you'll see what I mean now the top half of solution awareness we ask a question saying\
 Now, before you reached out to me, benad, were you out there looking for ways to X, Y, Z so that you could get to where you want to go?\
 Alright, I'm just frozen again, give me a second. You can still hear my audio, I hope, so I'm going to keep speaking.\
 So, but before you reached out to me, were you out there looking for ways to, you know, get the help so you could lose the weight or like what were you doing about that?\
 Well, like what were you doing about that? That's what I'm saying. What were you doing about that? And then what your prospect is going to give you is they're actually going to give you their excuse. So you've got to understand this concept. You will make the sale when you overcome their excuses, but you have to get it out of them first.\
 Your prospects have a reason why they haven't got the help yet. Their excuse is what holds them back from achieving success. If you don't handle their excuses and change their perspective, that excuse that they give you is the same excuse that they've been telling themselves for the past 10, 20, 30 years. It's going to be the same excuse you get to the end of the call they give you at this call. So I go hard in the paint and I'm challenging them.\
 will just find a stand. What's a preventive in the past 20 years from doing something about this? Oh, you know, I don't really have the time there's the excuses. I don't really have the time or blah blah. Then I'm going to go hard in the paint using a coaching frame would look like this. Well, can I make suggestion. Because my only concern for you is this has been 20 years and you haven't done anything about this. So what if I'll still tell you it's not about.\
 how much time you've had rather what you did with your time for the priorities that you had in your mind. So what I really need to know is what prevent a Jew from making your health a priority in the past 20 years and I want you to be completely real with me. Excuse comes out. Yeah, I guess this is enough. So what's different about now then. Why make this a priority now then? Because you know, I've just been seeing you guys on the road. I'm not going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one\
 Well, it's not about just seeing us online. What I need to understand is, why after 20 years of your health not being a priority for you? Why all of a sudden reach out and actually do something about this rather than just keep doing what you're doing? Because I know I need to make a change. But why do you have to make that change though? Because I'm going to be real with you. If this isn't a priority for you, you're never going to do it.\
 And my only concern for you is, if this is just going to be another conversation, where you say you want to do something, but you don't actually put in the work required, then I don't want to be the guy that's just wasting your time, because that's not who I am.\
 So be real with me. Are you actually committed to getting to where you need to go so that you can finally start feeling the best version of yourself. Yes, I do so.\
 How do you need to change that way of thinking you've had in the past 20 years to become the version of yourself that's 30 kilos lighter? How do you need to change that way of thinking? Well, I probably need to start prioritizing my health more. So who do you need to become to prioritize your health? Why need to become the guy that actually is responsible?\
 So are you willing to be responsible? Because who does that come down to you? All right, so benad I hope that helped I gave you a little bit there. I'll go through it in more depth next week with Jeremy on the Crusher Commission's five day challenge. Um, okay. Let's have a look here. What else we got other questions in the chat guys? Let me see. Let me see.\
 All right, this is a good question. Deisia. My question. Walk us through call follow up where you've been in touch before or they sent a request for info. Okay, great. But the person is defensive because they think you're cold calling unsolicited.\
 Uncellicit. All right. Good question. So let's go with the example, who here like calls leads? Like someone made a request. It's an inbound lead where they've put in their details. Maybe through a website. You've got their name number an email and your job is to like call that lead. Okay, so this will help. Now.\
 What you want to do in this situation is create a pattern interrupt we'll go through we'll go through more examples next week when we've got more time and we've actually perhaps some examples for a whole range of different industries whether it's B to B to C, B to G, you know, cold calling out bound and bound whatever it is we've got examples for different industries next week in more depth.\
 Now, when you're calling, what most people do is they make the mistake by sounding like this.\
 They'll say, "Hi, Heather, my name is Anthony Vizari and the reason for my call today is I saw you put in some information about getting a solar system in place."\
 Does that ring a bell? Something along those lines. Now, how do you sound when you do that?\
 Well, more importantly, who do you sound like? You sound like 99% of every other person calling them. All right. So what we would do is we would we would shift that. So I think you said you sell funeral. Let's say funeral expenses or funeral packages. Now let's say someone's food out in in inquiry online. Let's say someone's just past in your industry.\
 And they've gone on your website, and they've entered their name number an email because they need to plan a funeral. Okay, it's a big industry we train. How could we sound differently while we do something like this I would say. And when you listen to my tone okay listen my tone everybody. Ring ring. Prosper answers hello say. Yeah hi hi Jennifer.\
 Yeah, yeah, it's Jennifer. Yeah, hi Jennifer. It's just Anthony Vazari with XYZ Funerus. I noticed you just recently reached out about possibly getting some help planning a funeral. I just had a minute to get back to you to see if I could help. I just firstly want to extend my condolences. What did you guys notice with my tone and what I said versus the first example.\
 Concerned tone, yes, warmth, empathetic, helping play full tone. Yep, enacted. One thing I did there which we'll go over next week in more depth is I use the familiar tone rather than saying, hey Jennifer, yeah, Jennifer, Anthony Vizari and the reason for my call today is, no, I'm doing this. Hey Jennifer, yeah, it's Anthony Vizari with X was at funerals. Listen, I just, I'm not going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say\
 I know you recently reached out about possibly getting some help planning a funeral. And then they'll come in. And listen, I'd first I just want to say extend my my deepest condolences. Was I firstly I want to extend my deepest condolences was this a close family member or who are you planning a funeral for my first situation question. And I'm in. And I'm in. Is that makes sense?\
 It's the tone you would stay on the phone. So I'm using a familiar tone. I'm connecting with them. It's just the Anthony was out. I'm doing a lot of advanced new ones stuff there. I don't have time to go through right now, but we'll cover next week. Okay. Did that help guys? That help? Let me know if that helped. Yes, good. All right. Good stuff.\
 Perfect. All right, I may have time to answer what time is it one more question. Why don't I get somebody out? I'll pull one person up.\
 Do you like me to pull somebody up? You can ask you a question. So let me find the person really quickly everybody. Let me see.\
 I ask me a question everybody asked me a good question. My question is and I sell this and I'm actually going to pull one of you up and we'll answer your question alive.\
 So my team in the background will get you ready. And you're going to invite you to join as a panelist. Let me see. Get your questions in. Let's go. Give you guys a minute right in those questions. And you know, they just give me how much is it cost the direction. So we want to what we want to first do is look at what is the sales process. So when the lead up sin, how fast that you calling that lead.\
 So there's kind of two answers to that question. We use a gym management software called gym, lead machine and one of the nice things about that is when a new lead option it will put them into an automation funnel where an initial text message goes out to them so that within like 90 seconds a two minutes there's a text message going to the number they provided and email goes to them as well and that's kind of just a starting conversation.\
 Our job or our goal in our sales team of the gym is a manual touch point has been made in no less than four hours, we're trying to say under four hours for our speed limit.\
 It just be seven or nine hours.\
 So we're in the process getting it down lower and lower and lower.\
 Okay, noted. So after that, that SMS, do you know the copy of the SMS that goes out? What does that say woodford?\
 I can pull it up if you just give me a moment. I give you a great example of it. Okay, I'm message that came through recently. All right. So I lead just came in about an hour ago and it got assigned to one of my sales team members and the opening message that that person received was.\
 Wendy, it's Sam from Mohawk Valley Wellness. Thank you so much for your interest in our gym. We would love to hear about your fitness goals and how Mohawk Valley Wellness can help. We will use text emails or phone calls to get in touch.\
 Which do you prefer and then there's a caveat at the bottom and this isn't.\
 I'll probably say this.\
 Text was set up by gym lead machine. We did not determine this text to go out, but the bottom of that message is listening to change your mind.\
 And aside that you hate me or text messages, you can opt out where I'm flying stopped. I will say, okay, like that last part at all in the near future. I'm going to be altering that because it feels spammy and it almost to not respond.\
 Okay, so can I make suggestion on the actual text themselves that will massively view your response right.\
 - Yeah, let me just get a notebook right now.\
 - Okay, so with your text, you don't want them sounding say,\
 "Well, this is for everybody.\
 I don't care what you sell.\
 If you send text messages to clients,\
 listen up, this gonna help you.\
 You don't wanna miss out on salesy, or like a robot.\
 Because if they do, you won't get a response.\
 So if you say, hey, Vin, my name is Anthony Vazari from XYZ.\
 It's so excited. I saw you reached out about blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. It's too much. When you message a friend or a family member, are you sending them paragraphs? Are you saying, hey, Vin, just wanted to say Christmas is out. Is out. Is this this week? Make sure you bring the blah blah blah. No. We text human beings like this. Hey, Vin, send. Are you still good for soccer training tonight? Send. I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm\
 can pick you up on the way, send different messages. What does that tell the prospect? That was a lot of human. The biggest reason why people don't respond to your text messages is because they think you're a robot. They think you're an AI. They think you're a bot. Nobody wants to communicate with a robot. Sorry, Elon, but nobody wants to communicate with a robot yet. Does that make sense? Absolutely. So you want to change it. Say this instead.\
 Hey, Vin, comma.\
 It's just Anthony with XYZM.\
 Send.\
 I just noticed you reached out about getting\
 some possible help with your fitness goals.\
 For 2025, send.\
 And then I'll ask a question.\
 Just one question that is all.\
 The question in your industry could be,\
 what is the number one goal you're trying to achieve?\
 This year, question mark.\
 very plain, very simple. I just need a response. Show them I'm a human being and it also will invoke a response from the president. Okay. So that's a change I'll make then if they do not respond to message number one within four hours or but all by end of day whichever comes first. This is all you say don't don't do the hey I'm not sure if you saw my last message I just wanted to reach out once more time because we're running a fitness gym. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,\
 respond. Just say this. Word for Word do not change anything. You say, Vin, comma, did you miss my last message? Question mark.\
 Send her off. That is all. Nothing more, nothing less. That's a defibrillator message. Because in the prospect's mind, if they were still doubting, if this is a real message, as soon as I send that,\
 Then they're like, oh, this is a real person. I better respond. I guarantee you all if you send that out to your prospects. You all response rates will ask for an automatically increased. You guys can do that right now and probably close some deals.\
 You only if you got prospects that haven't responded to you, just say name did you miss my last message question mark.\
 That's what I would do. Finn.\
 And then from there, I would also have a calling schedule. So you want to call the lead nine times over four days.\
 That's a good. Pretty good with that. Yeah, what's the good calls.\
 Yeah, I'm a one. If they don't answer, we text them two calls they too. They don't answer. We text them two calls. They three text if no answer day four will do a last call.\
 That's a voice mail plus a text and then we kind of remove on basically so we're close to nine. Yeah nine times and the reason why most people call their leads like once or twice and that's it. But the data shows us that there is a peak at around day three or day four. Even day five and day six. After nine calls there is there is the Lord diminishing returns kicks in meaning after nine calls.\
 the data suggests, across every industry, it's not worth dialing that lead anymore. If they\
 didn't respond to your text, your voice mail is all nine calls, don't bother. You can just put them on an\
 automated follow up drip. Okay. Oh no, someone said, oh no, not nine times that spammy.\
 Well, is that spammy if somebody reached out for help? And you're simply calling them to see if you can help them?\
 It's not spammy. That's me being concerned. Somebody let and here's the thing guys we have to change our mindset many people on this call\
 Right now and you'll hit a learn which is a good thing many people still feel that selling is something that you're doing to somebody\
 Do you know the belief of the top one percent sales people is?\
 The belief of the top one percent sales people is selling isn't something I do two people\
 selling is something I do four people\
 That person is going to go to bed. We're soft if Vin doesn't get in touch of them to sell them on the gym.\
 So you have to adopt that belief. If you think you're doing something to your leads,\
 good luck in selling them. You're never going to be out of to come their objections.\
 Because you think you're doing something to them.\
 I'm doing something for you.\
 If I've got something that can change your life,\
 of course I'm going to sell it to you.\
 I'm gonna do everything in my power to sell it to you have to adopt that belief. All right, that was a really good question Vin any quick follow up question to that that help.\
 No, you kind of touched on a big thing that we were actually talking about in our leadership meeting today altering that automated message because it absolutely feels spammy.\
 And it also puts the thought in their head that, oh, they don't have to respond, but if it is type stop and people type stop all the time. So I'm looking forward to changing and I appreciate that.\
 That is a game changer.\
 If you guys are a registered for the challenge, I want you to go in the crush your commissions challenge Facebook group.\
 And what I want you to do, this is a bit of homework for you all. I want you to go live in that group and say, I just attended Anthony's objection master class. My biggest takeaway was and I'm looking forward to the challenge next week because so tell me what your biggest takeaway was from today and what you're most looking forward to for the challenge next week.\
 you guys to do that. So go into the crush your commissions Facebook group and I want you guys to post that on video. Remember, I'm giving away prizes next week, including some epic prizes, even event tickets that like some of the events where you're going to get to meet Jeremy minor. I'll be at those events. We're running our next next event in April and Phoenix, Arizona.\
 That's the sales mastery summit. Me and Jeremy are running this can be our last intimate small event that we run. Because the companies too big now to be running smaller events. Some of you have probably come to those in the past. So yeah, we're running that in April and Phoenix Arizona. I'm going to be given away some tickets for that. If you want to find out details on that just come in in the chat. I Resonant and someone to reach out to. Reframing the text message sequence uncovered. Deframe reframe. Yeah.\
 really valuable. Good, good, good. Refrain the three brief texts. Good. Paolo, really quick question. I've been having unnecessary studies throughout my calls, cause of concern, confused tones and verbal causing techniques. So Paolo, the reason you stutter is due to your articulation. People stutter because they don't articulate them.\
 self-squilly. So it's your mind action. Is your mouth is going faster than your mind. So the first thing\
 might suggest you is you need to slow it down. If you slow it down, you're giving your brain more time to think\
 without spitting out something you're going to end up studying because your your your your mouth, you know, your\
 That's number one. Number two is you want to articulate yourself clearly. The easiest way to articulate yourself, which actually helps you add more emotion into what you're saying is by moving your mouth more. Most people when they get on a South call they speak like this and because they speak like this they barely move their mouth. They sound monotone and if you sound monotone, did you know that the human brain will switch off?\
 if they can predict your tone, more than three seconds out. The human brain will switch off if they predict your tone more than three seconds out. So if you're speaking like this and you sound one tone, do you see how anything I'm saying right now it's going in one ear out the other ear. So you need to add more melody to your tone when you ask your questions. That helps with moving your mouth more. Let's you bring in more volume. So I could say. Well, we'll sell it.\
 I could say like this, we'll sell you what's going to happen if you don't do anything about this and you just let us go on for another three six twelve months what happens then versus so sell you like walk me through what are the ramifications if like you don't do anything about this you allow this to go on for another three six twelve months your team keep leaving you and you're not actually able to scale the business like what's going to happen at that point.\
 What sounds more impactful? Version 1, or Version 2. You guys tell me. Version 2. Exactly. All right. Before I wrap up, I want to know who has registered now for the challenge. Type yes in the chat. If you've registered for the challenge next week, type yes in the chat.\
 or no if you haven't. I want to see it. All right, smart people. I knew you guys were smart. Basically everybody. Good job. Now I also want to know what I'll start. I want to know who is in our VIP right done. Right done. If you got started with the VIP right done in the chat. If you guys got started with VIP. It's not going to be for everybody.\
 not everybody gets into VIP because they're more intimate. But for $47 to get a script and some of those scripting master classes and to get a Q&A session with me in Jeremy you might want to get on to that. All right a decent amount of you. Good. Well, that links going to be in the chat VIP now. What a warning. Do not ask me on on Tuesday or Wednesday for the VIP link. It will be closed at that point.\
 So get into VIP. We're giving away a ton of stuff for like $47. There's the link in the chat guys. This has been an epic session.\
 Team can we choose some out for a music just get that ready. Yes, hey, Anthony. Quick question before we go. Someone's been asking Joseph where about the or no, sorry. Someone else about the software that you're using for the zoom. Can you?\
 Sure that software there. Yeah, it's a software Alex should I share that? What do you think? I don't know man. He's he was being pretty nice. I'll tell you guys. He was being nice. Did he say yeah, did he get some take away? Did he get into the VIP? I don't know if I should share unless he's in VIP. That seems like a secret source. Let's see what Jeff. Yeah, all right. That's I'm using OBS Studio and I actually\
 tested it out for the first time today. So, bit of take issues a bit of glitches here\
 in there, but I hope it made it a bit more interactive for those that have\
 been in a mask last before. So it's called OBS Studio. It's not as easy as just like\
 setting it up. There's a lot of like back in engineering that needs to go into it,\
 but this software is OBS O for Oregon, B for Bravo and S for Sally. OBS Studio Studio.\
 You're welcome. All right, team. I've been to get ready for this challenge next week. I've got so much to plan. Me and Jeremy on especially on day three and four where we have clients come up and we do role plays. You're going to hear from some of our top 0.1% clients in your industries including like life insurance, real estate, B to C, B to B, what else we got.\
 We've got like solar, we've got like really advanced clients that are killing it right now. They're the top 1% in their industry. Some of them are the top 0.1% in the entire country of the US. You're going to be out of here from them. See their structure. Go through the objections. This is going to tie it all together. Sales is an art. It's for those that are the most committed that get to the peak of the pinnacle.\
 The peak of the pinnacle is only as big as the depth of the foundation. So don't be like those sales people that are just keep winging it. They keep doubbling it. They say they want to get better, but they don't do anything to put time in themselves to master the skills. So I hope to see you all there make sure you shop live. But look at your calendar. It's the thing for this replay the only thing is we've we promised that so it can't be exclusively everyone who's on here will get this. Okay.\
 So everyone gets to replay. All right guys everyone will get the replay, but if you're in VIP, we will actually add it to your VIP portal. And the reason that's important is we're going to send you an email to this replay. Those emails tend to get lost. But if you're in VIP, we're going to upload the replay this to your portal. So it's your VIP training portal. You can log in and it will be there along with all the other trainings. Why? Because this framework's with human behavior to human beings.\
 What you're going to realize when you come to the challenge next week is it doesn't matter what you sell gas doesn't matter what you sell.\
}