{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, let's go over Objection number 25. What do you say or ask when the prospects\
 says, "I'll get back to you on this." Jane, I'll get back to you on this. Let's say after\
 your presentation, you go on for the clothes, which we would call "committment questions."\
 To get your prospect to commit and take the next step to purchase your solution, solve their\
 problems, but then they say, "This looks good, but let me get back to you on this."\
 a little bit of a different link of from what we've been before. First of all, if you accept this at face value and believe that they're just going to call you back, you're going to lose most of those sales. 99% of people who say this will never call you back. This is a smoke screen objection to try to get rid of you. Something you said or didn't ask them triggered to have uncertainty and what you were offering them that either won't work for them or they don't need it. There's no gap from where they are now compared to where they want to be.\
 So the first thing we want to do is disarm them so we learn what the real objection is.\
 Prospect says, "Brandy, thanks for the presentation, we're going to look over this and we'll get back to you."\
 You say, "Yeah, that's not a problem. What's your time frame on getting back to me in the next few days to see if I'd be available for you?"\
 Now, let's dissect what I just did there. When I say that's not a problem, in a sense, I'm agreeing with them that they can get back\
 They start to feel pressured many prospects closed down emotionally and never open up to you on what their real concern is now also when I asked\
 What's your time for you? I'm getting back to me the next few days. I'm narrowing down the decision here in the next two days\
 If we just let it be you know two three weeks out which by that point the deal is probably dead. They're never gonna get back to you now the last part here is when I say to see if I'd be available for you\
 causes them to view you differently. This guy or gal is busy with other clients. You don't need their business. You already have tons of clients. You're here to help them solve their problem. But nothing you can do for them. There's nothing you can do for them if they stay in the status quo. Prospect says, well, we can get back to you later this week or something. I'll have to look at what's going on. You say, well, possibly not sure if I'd be randomly available like that was my calendar.\
 What I can do though if it helps is if you have your calendar handy I can pull up mine and have you book a specific time with me that we don't have to chase me down on vice versa. Would that be appropriate. Now we've used this before this is a NPQ calendar commitment walks in the specific time on their calendar position. Jews Authority the trusted expert whose busy with their clients. Notice I said that way you don't have to chase me down. Now after you have the specific time book with it.\
 You then went to act like we're about to leave or get them up the call then depending on if you're in person zoom or on the phone with it.\
 Now here's what you're going to save the prospect. Now, Jane before I go, what was it that you wanted to go over in your mind?\
 Just so I know what questions you have when we talk on Monday.\
 Now notice how this is almost identical to the I want to think it over smoke screen objection and you should treat it the exact same way.\
 Prospect says, "Well, I need to go back to my board. I need to talk with my CPA to see if we could get the budget for this." Now, we know exactly what the real objection is, which is money. We can clarify, discuss this, diffuse it using the standard we don't have the money budget objection. All right.\
}