{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, so objection number six, can you just send me a quote? I'm too busy, can you just send me a quote? All right? So if they ask you this towards the beginning of the call before you even found out what their problems are, what their situation actually, there's really no discovery here, and they just come right out and said, hey, I'm busy. I don't have time to talk, can you just send me over a quote? If you do that, you're dead in the water, you are more than likely never hear from them. So the prospects says, hey,\
 I'm just really busy. Thanks for your call, but can you just send over some quotes to me so I can look at him and get back to you? You say, yeah, that's not a problem.\
 What is it that you were hoping to see from a quote?\
 Prospect. Well, I'm just trying to see if we have the budget for your XYZ product or service. You say,\
 Okay, I understand and I can get to work on that now. It might make sense before actually emailed the quote.\
 If I understood a little bit more about who you're using for XYZ ABC and what that looks like just to see if we could even help you in the first place because maybe you don't even need us at all. For example, I need to know about.\
 And then you're going to start off by asking what we call situation questions to help them and you find out what their real situation is.\
 Now after you've taken them through that engagement stage towards the end of that conversation, because you can't just swipe that underneath the rug and ignore that, can you just send me the quote question. You're going to bring up that question that they asked about sending them a quote like this.\
 Okay, so John good call. What I can do is get to work on putting together a quote for if you'd like. Now let's assume for a minute we get you the quote and we're able to meet your needs to solve that problem that you mentioned in me.\
 What do you see is the next step from there? What do you see is the next step from there? See how I did that? Now if the prospect cannot give you any answers about his or her needs in that call, then this is probably a prospect that is at our fishing for information and or doesn't have the funding budget money for your solution and just a waste of your valuable selling time.\
 Now how many of you have lost sales with that objection because you don't\
 not overcome it. You email them a quote, a proposal and then you\
 never hear back from them. You follow up them and they just\
 completely goes to you. That is a triggered objection from what you\
 were saying in the beginning of the call that most of the time is\
 causing a knee jerk fight or flight response and they're just throwing\
 that objection out to you. Now once you learn any pq in our other\
 virtual training courses. You can reduce that concern by probably 70% and if it does happen, we teach you exactly what to say now that helps them resolve that in their own mind.\
}