{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, so I wanted to give you an extra bonus, because I know a couple of the objections, I kind of did the same objection, but I showed you a little twist of it, which will always happen. So I wanted to give you an extra objection, something to give you 52. We decided to go with someone else. So let's say you're in B to B sales. So this could even be a B to C deal, too. But let's say you're in B to B sales. You've got a three or four months sale cycle, even nine months, let's say. You've\
 board, it's gone through legal and they give you a call the last second. They say, "You know what, Jan, thanks for spending all those month with us." But we decided to go with someone else. We decided to go with XYZ company. And you're like, "Oh my gosh, that's one of our competitors in your mind." And you're like, "I just spent six months with him. I wasted all my time. I made zero dollars from that sale. How do you get them to reconsider?" When they said, "We decided to go to the company." And they said,\
 We decided to go with someone else if you argue with him you're done if you say well, who did you go in with?\
 Oh xyz company. Well, they're no good because of x and y and z you should talk to my boss and blah blah blah.\
 Like these are never gonna get that deal. So you want to ask this question?\
 Yeah, that's not a problem. We appreciate the time that we've been able to spend with you\
 Can I ask you something though before we get off the phone?\
 Sure go ahead Jan.\
 How would it be able to communicate to you that you might be making a mistake by going with XYZ company without you getting upset with us?\
 How would it be able to communicate with you that you might be making a mistake without you getting upset with me?\
 Now, you say it in that tone.\
 No one will ever say, well what the hell?\
 No, they're always going to say, no, no, don't worry. I'm not going to be upset with you.\
 What did you have in mind? That question I just gave you opens them up to something out some other possibilities. And then what do you do? You clarify the reason why they wanted to go with them over you. You discuss it as two people discussing it together collaborating. And then you ask a diffusing question to help them overcome their concern. All right. And there are your 50.\
 plus two bonus objections.\
 So 52 objections.\
 Now, your next step here.\
 So now that you've learned the top 52 objections,\
 I know a lot of you're gonna be asking, okay,\
 but tell me about the sales process.\
 Tell me about any PQ.\
 What is neuroemotional persuasion questioning?\
 If this is the only training you've ever seen from us,\
 like what questions do I need to ask?\
 when I first start off the conversation,\
 to take the pressure, you know,\
 the focus off me and put it on them.\
 Those are called connecting questions.\
 What questions do you need to ask\
 to find out what their current situation is?\
 And themselves and you, those are called situation questions.\
 What questions do you need to ask the prospect\
 to help them find out what their real problems are,\
 'cause most prospects don't know\
 what their real problems are when you first start talking to them,\
 or how bad the problem really\
 don't do anything about solving the problem. So those are called problem\
 awareness questions. What questions are those? What questions do I need to\
 ask and to get them to see what their future is going to look like once the\
 problems are solved. Those are called solution awareness questions. What are\
 consequence questions that allow them to see the consequences of what\
 happens if they don't do anything about solving these problems? How do you\
 transition into the next step demo or the next step or\
 or the next step call, or if you're doing a one call close, how do you transition into your presentation and then how do you actually close?\
 What are commitment questions that actually work that get them to sell themselves in poll you in?\
 Now realize the 52 objections I just gave you.\
 Most of the time once you learn any PQ, remember that stands for Neuroemotion Persuasion Question.\
 70% of these can be eliminated from their mind where they don't even bring them up at the end.\
 And most of your deals that you make are complete lay downs. You sell a lot more.\
 So if you want to learn what those questions are your next step is just to simply join our free Facebook group.\
 You're going to go to www.salesrevolution.pro.\
 to salesrevolution.pro. Salesrevolution.pro. You just join that for free. If you're already a member in there, I'll show you what to do as well because a lot of you might already be in our Facebook group. Inside the Facebook group. Right when you join just messages, you can tag me myself, and either myself or someone on our team will message you over some training options that we have for you. So you can really master neuroemotional persuasion questions and once you're armed,\
 with how to resolve all these objections.\
 Once you've learned the right questioning skills,\
 you're income can enter the double quadruple.\
 Okay, we have over five\
 as the time I'm shooting this right now today.\
 We have over 5,400 some testimonials\
 in the last, I think, 28 months.\
 There's probably a reason for that.\
 There's a reason why ink magazine made us the fastest\
 going sales training company in the United States last year, according to Inc. 5,000, we ranked number 1,232 fastest-scoring companies out of anybody out of any industry in the United States last year. Number 1 fastest-scoring sales training company. There's a reason why that is because our clients get massive results. So if you want to start making, if you're an individual sales person, you want to start making your first 10,000-dollar monthly commission checks, 20,000-dollar monthly commission checks, and then you're going to have a lot of money. And then you're going\
 30,000 monthly commission checks 40,000 plus monthly commission checks because I can guarantee you we have sales people that we are training right now in your industry that are making those type of monthly checks every single month.\
 And it's because of the skills we've taught them that work with human behavior, the trigger the prospect to want to pull you in.\
 Objection handling is just a small portion of that.\
 So join the Facebook group if you're already in there just tag me somebody will message you there myself or somebody to message you on our team\
 More training options you can double triple quadruple the results you're getting if you're sales manager and you want your teams to start doubling tripling quadrupling what they're doing\
 Message me as well on in Facebook, okay?\
 If you're a business owner or an entrepreneur you've got a team of sales, okay?\
 We train everybody from Fortune 100 companies to SMB all the way down to individual sales people selling anything and in fact we're training well over 160 different industries at this point\
 So just message me within the Facebook group and we'll give you some training options and one of our team members can possibly get on with you and go through those with you to see how much we can help you. Thanks everybody. Enjoy the training. We'll see you soon. Jeremy Miner I'm out.\
}