{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Okay, let's go over objection number 14. I need to pray about this. How many of you get this objection? I need to pray about this. Now, typically, you're going to get this more and of a B to C setting. You're not going to have a lot of especially enterprise accounts. They're not going to set there and say, "What we need to pray about."\
 to maybe like some religious school or something. I'm not sure, but it's mainly going to be a\
 B2C objection. You could get it B2B if you're selling, like I said, a religious school or seminary\
 program, but more than likely you're not going to have large enterprise companies say in that.\
 It's going to be more of a B2C type of person. So the first thing we have to do just like any\
 concern we get, what do we do? We have to clarify what the concern actually means and what's behind\
 the concern. Prospect says, "You know, Blake, this is a big decision for us and we really just need to pray about it." You say, "Yeah, that's not a problem. Now, when you say pray about it, what specific parts of what we went over, would you be praying about?" Now, this is important. As when they tell you what parts are aspects of your solution or whatever you went over with them, they need to pray about, that is what the real\
 and certainly actually is, and then you can address that concern, help them overcome it and close it.\
 Prospects says, "Well, I just feel like we need to pray about it because it's a lot of money,\
 and we're just not sure we have the budget for it." Ah, now you've found out that the real concern is\
 the "We don't have the money." Now, to go to that, overcome that concern, just go through the,\
 "We don't have the money objection training that we went over earlier." Then after you help them\
 overcome the money concerned you simply ask, how do you feel God would feel about you?\
 And then repeat back what they said they wanted. Let me give you an industry example.\
 Let's see, you sell life insurance and the couple says they need to pray about you take them through that process and\
 say they don't know if they have enough money and then you come back and then you say,\
 well how do you feel God would feel about you having the financial protection\
 in place for your wife and kids for when you do pass away and they're completely\
 taking care of without any stress like most people go through who do not have the right insurance in place.\
 You won't find anyone who says, "Nope, I don't think God would want me to protect my spouse and children financially if you're selling life insurance as an example."\
}