{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  If I buy this, I could lose my job if it doesn't work out. You're not really going to get this. If you sell business to consumer, there might be a few industries you would, but it's pretty much a business to business. Okay? This objection you're really only getting in certain types of B2B sales. Okay? Like I said, if you're selling to sea level executives who are concerned, they're going to lose their job if they make a wrong bind decision if they're solution.\
 Maybe they made some wrong buying decisions in the past that have caused the company to lose a lot of money that they work for.\
 Prospects says, "You know, this sounds really good, but if I buy this, I could lose my job if this doesn't work out."\
 You say, "How do you lean you to lose your job?"\
 Or you could say, "How do you mean it wouldn't work out?"\
 Prospects says, "Well, if we get involved with you and for some reason it doesn't work, I could get fired."\
 You say, "Kidding ass has something happened in the past, where you purchased something and\
 it didn't work out and your boss got upset at you?"\
 Prospect says, "Oh, let me tell you about six months ago, we got into a year contract with\
 this company who does XY and Z, and I was a major cheerleader on that and the company didn't\
 fulfill anything.\
 They said they could do, and the company had to do a buyer of that contract and everyone\
 I'm playing to me, you say, "Ah, okay, that makes sense."\
 Tell me what specific parts of the product service propose or whatever.\
 Tell me what specific parts of the service we just went over.\
 Do you feel might not work for you though?\
 Prospects says, "Well, we like everything, but your IT guy said that at this point, they're going to tell you the real concern.\
 I just gave you kind of a random example. It could be something."\
 Well, we like everything, but you said something, or you guys said this, and they have\
 under it's uncertainty, right? Now at this point, they're going to tell you the real concern they have,\
 and you want to discuss that and diffuse that. And then after you've done that, you come back\
 around to the original injection and ask this. So if we are able to come in and fix, you know,\
 repeat back their problems, so that you can, and you're going to repeat back the desired results\
 they want. How do you see this helping you the most as far as how your boss would start to view you?\
 See how that works. Do that every time works I get charming you can make a lot of money for that.\
}