{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  I can get the same thing somewhere else.\
 First of all, do you know what the actual meme or prospect says that to you?\
 Probably not.\
 So we need to clarify first and disarm them so they weren't too engaged.\
 Most of the time the subjections usually trigger by something you said or didn't ask in the beginning of the conversation and they're just trying to get rid of you.\
 to fight or fight mode. Prospect says, "Hey, I can get the same things somewhere else." You say, "Well, hey, you could, and just so you're aware, I'm not quite sure we could even help you yet." You know, we'd have to understand more about what you use for XYZ, just to see if we could even help you in the first place. And if we can't, we can just hang up the phone or if you find that we possibly can, we can continue the conversation if you'd like. Are you with me on that?\
 Nobody's gonna say, "Nope, I'm not with you all in that." I mean, that's like one of the thousand people who would say that.\
 Press us, "Yeah, okay, that makes sense. What do you got for me?" Okay, why probably should start by asking you about and you go right into your first situation question? Do you see how easy it is to disarm that? When you say, "Well, I'm not quite sure we could even help you yet." He paused two seconds. "Don't say it through." "I'm not quite sure we could even\
 We'd have to understand a little bit more. See that disarms him because they're like what? They have they there's no sales resistance there when you say you don't even know if you can help them yet because how do you know you haven't had a conversation with them?\
}