{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Okay, objection number 17, remove them quite along here pretty good. I already have a coach. I already have a mentor or a coach. Now, like I said, this objection is only for certain industries. Okay, it only come up if you sold some type of coaching or training offer.\
 or if you sold some type of consulting.\
 First of all, let's get behind with this objection,\
 actually means.\
 And if you never get this objection,\
 just pay attention here because there are some parts of this\
 that you'll be able to use for other objections you get.\
 I can assure you that.\
 Prospect says, you know, I'm already going through coaching\
 program with another mentor now.\
 So I just need to finish that first and then I can get back to you.\
 Then you say this.\
 Well,\
 I understand. Oh, it's been about four months now the process and what type of results are you actually getting from it? Prospect says, well, I mean, it's a decent program. I just need to finish it before starting something else. You say Joanne you mentioned it's decent. What do you mean by decent? Prospect. Well, it's a good program for what I paid for it. You. What's the same for results? Have you actually got from it though? Just so I can see the background of that.\
 Well, not really got results in it. I'm just going through it. Then you say, "So help me understand if you've been going through it for four plus months and still haven't got results, how are you going to?" If you go back with they said they wanted. If you just keep doing the same things, prospect.\
 Well, I'm not sure. I guess I haven't really thought about it. Then you. Well, do you want to keep going through programs for months on in where you don't get any results? Or would you rather change your situation and start getting results now like our clients are getting? What do you think they're going to say to that?\
}