{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, this corporate objection number 45, I don't want to go into debt. Now, this objection, you're primarily going to get if you're in the high-ticket industry, if you sell business opportunities or coaching or course sales, and they need to put it on a credit card or a loan or something like that. And it could be another industries as well, where they need to get a loan for something you're offering between five and a hundred thousand or even more.\
 It's mainly B2C because companies don't necessarily say that it's mainly a B2C objection, okay?\
 So let's address this industry specific example of Ciat works. Now once again, depending on what you sell, you can always adapt this to your industry too with a small couple of small tweaks will be needed. Alright?\
 Now in this example, let's say you sell affiliate marketing courses that train people how to make money on the internet become a full time internet market.\
 Two biggest problems people have for that industry is they want to make more money and they want to have more time so they're looking to start throne business, which allows them to do that.\
 Just a vehicle.\
 Prospect, you know, we really like this, but we're going to have to wait till we have the full amount. We just don't want to go into any debt.\
 You say, "Can I make a suggestion on that topic?"\
 Prosist has said, "Sure, go ahead."\
 Now, I'm a big Dave Ramsey fan, and he always talks about there are two types of debt. There's consumer debt, and then there's business debt. Are you from there? What the difference is?\
 Prospects most are going to say, well, not really what do you mean? Well, consumer debt according to Ramsey is where you take your credit card, you go to the mall, you buy new pair of shoes, you buy the new clothes, you see that new flat screen, jungles screen, you got to have that, you had the cool headphones, you buy the fancy\
 those things actually make you any money. Processes says, well, well, none of them do actually. You say exactly. They just take your money. That's considered by people like Dave Rams and other dead experts as bad. You never want to go into that. Because you doesn't make any money. Now good debt according to business owners and investors is taking capital is taking a loan credit and injecting it into the business. So you can start the business and grow it and make a lot of money.\
 money. You see the difference because without the capital using credit\
 putting it in, how would you ever be able to start your own business so you can make more money and be able to get out of your job? So you have more time with your family. See that's an NEPQ consequence question and just gave you. And that caused them to see in their mind that without them getting the debt going into debt to start that, then never be able to have what they want. If they can get the funding they get what they want.\
 If they can't get the funding, they don't get what they want. See how that works.\
}