{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  I want to compare prices with another company or I want to compare prices with another vendor.\
 It could say company or vendor. It really depends on if you sell B to B to C. A lot of times B to B, like if you're selling the companies, they're talking about vendor. Sometimes they talk about companies, they're selling B to C. They're not really going to say vendors, they're going to say more companies.\
 Okay. Here once again, we need to disarm the prospect instead of throwing out some more bottle, which more than likely will trigger sales,\
 resistance and the whole thing pray they buy for this. Typically you're going to get this\
 objection after your presentation or proposal. All right. Prospect says, you know, this sounds\
 very, very good, Tony. We've got another company coming into tomorrow and we want to compare prices\
 with that vendor as well. You say, yeah, that's not a problem. So let's say this other company coming\
 into tomorrow also meet your criteria, including the price. How would you then decide what to do?\
 Now, let me repeat that. I want to repeat that one more time for you. That's not a problem. Lower sales resistance. You say that. So let's say this other company coming in tomorrow also meet your criteria. Can solve the problem. And they also meet the criteria including a price. How would you then decide what to do? Prospect says, well, at that point it would really come down to. And then they're going to tell you their hot button that you will need to understand to be able to make sure you come down. And then they're going to tell you that you will need to\
 to close the sale. That question right there helps you find out the key things you're going to need in your sales process to help this prospect move forward with your solution, especially if you know they are meeting with your competitors. I can also guarantee you that other sales people are competing for this account from your competitors will not know how to ask that question. And we'll not know the one or two things that this prospect will tell you that's going to push them over to your advantage and buy.\
 I'm from you that one question helps you do that. You're welcome on that one. That made me a lot of money in sales.\
}