{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, so objection number 10, what do we got here? I need to talk to my spouse. Let's say if you sell B to C, this sounds really good, but I just need to talk it over with my spouse. Let's say you're selling B to B. This sounds good, but I just need to talk it over with my partner. Okay? If you're selling to a smaller company. Now if you're selling in like a Fortune 100, 500 or a thousand, Fortune 1000 company there's going to be certain procedures they have to follow, which will show you later on. This training or other trainings, how to maneuver that around. But let's just talk about if they say I need to talk to my spouse or let's say they have one business partner objection. So I need to talk to my spouse. Now, I'm going to talk to my wife. I'm going to talk to my wife. I'm going to talk to my wife. I'm going\
 How many of you get this objection? Probably all of you, right? So when a\
 prospect says I need to talk to my spouse, it's for one of two reasons. I want you to understand the background.\
 It's reason number one is you haven't pulled out enough emotion from your questions to help them see the problems clearly in their mind that they have and for them to feel urgency to solve those to get where they're wanting to go.\
 So because of that, they are trying to get rid of you. They don't feel what you are saying will get them the results. They want. This is all on us as the salesperson because of our lack of questioning skills.\
 That can be fixed once you start implementing in EPQ, narrow emotional persuasion questioning and really start to clarify and probe off the answers.\
 So that I need to talk to my spouse is not really a concern. They have a concern behind that.\
 And you need to find out what the real concern actually is. Now the second reason is it's just logistical.\
 Spouses interested, but they really do not make any decisions without first telling their spouse or maybe they don't know where to move around the fun.\
 So it's more of a logistical part of I need to talk to my spouse, okay?\
 if it's a major purchasing decision. Now based on how the call went from their tonality, their body language and the answers to your questions, we'll tell you which of those two they fall into. Now no matter what which one they fall into, your original reaction can be very similar.\
 You simply want to first acknowledge what they said and then set up a time the next day or day after to talk again to either them, right? Do you both of them? Why do you want to do that? Because it disarms them where if they are in the number one category,\
 And they have a real concern. They're just saying I need to talk to my spouse. You can actually help them overcome it in this actual appointment call or meeting. Okay?\
 Most of the time you can help them overcome it right then and there and close them without them having to go talk to their spouse.\
 Here's how it might look. I'm going to show you the generic example first.\
 So you can plug in any product or service industry. I'm going to show you what that looks like.\
 And then I'm going to show you a few industry specific examples at that.\
 for any product, service industry, it doesn't matter what you sell, which\
 can well over 150 different industries at this point.\
 It might even be more, it might be 170.\
 So I'm going to be the generic version first,\
 and then two specific industry examples.\
 Prospect says, ah, you know Matt, this sounds really good,\
 but I really need to talk to my spouse because we make these type of\
 decisions together as a family. You say, yeah, that's not a problem.\
 How does your spouse feel about you? And\
 they said they wanted. That's not a problem. How does your spouse feel about you?\
 And they're in feedback what they said they want it. Prospect says, I think they'd\
 like me to do this but I just really need to talk to them first. Okay, and I understand,\
 I guess what will you do though if you go to them and they don't want you to get the\
 funds so that you can and you repeat back what they said they wanted. You see how that\
 works. Prospect says, well I understand I'm just not sure what they\
 say, how will you repeat back what they said they wanted? If they don't let you get the fun so that you can repeat back the end result they wanted. How will you be able to blank blank? If they don't let you get the funds so that you can repeat back the end result they wanted. Prospect says, I mean, I know I need to do something about this. Okay, but why look at doing this now? Like why not push it down the road like?\
 And then you're gonna repeat back the in result. Let's say if you sell\
 Health in nutrition. I'm just throwing out something random. Okay, but why look at doing this now? I like why not push it back like you know\
 People would that never lose the weight? Let's say if you sold business consulting to companies, okay?\
 But why look at doing this now? Like why not push it down the road like unsuccessful business? It's wood? Oh, no. I want to be like that. Okay. See, that's the reaction they're gonna get now if you still\
 simply say, "Okay, I understand. I want your time for him on getting back with me today or tomorrow just to see if I'd be available for you." Now, when you say just to see if I'd be available for you, position, you as the expert who's busy, not just a sales person, as they're back and called because you're desperate for a sale. They're going to say, "Well, I could call you back the next few days. You don't want to take that that's a waffle." Well, you know, I'm not sure if I'd be randomly available like\
 of it helps is if you have your calendar handy I can pull up mine so you can\
 book a specific time with me in the next day or so that way you don't have to chase me down and vice versa. Would that be appropriate? And then you actually book a specific time. I\
 notice I say so you don't have to chase me down and vice versa. That position you once again as the expert who's busy\
 helping it apply and solve their problems with the attractive to your prospect. You look like you have successful clients.\
 Never say that you can be available late at night, drawn the weekends when they asked for you to do that. It makes you look desperate. And when you look desperate, you are not viewed by your prospects as the trusted expert or the authority. You're viewed as just another salesperson trying to sell them something. You become monetized. Now, let me give you a few industry specific examples of how this might look once again. This works for any industry, any product or service that sold.\
 Most of the time you can help them resolve that concern on the call or the meeting and not even have to reschedule after they talk to their spouse or business partner.\
 Okay, it just depends on your industry and what you sell especially your price points.\
 If it's a B to C type of sale with a thousand or something smaller, you know, 5,000, 10,000, it's going to be completely different than if it's in year and a B to B complex sun environment and it's a million dollar sale.\
 That's going to have to go through the board through legal to get approved. You're going to have way more means. In this example, let's say you sell B to C and let's say that you sell Amazon services. You have some type of company work for has some type of training or coaching program that teaches people how to be successful as an Amazon.\
 Prospect says, you know, this sounds really, really good.\
 Avery, but I just, I need to talk to my spouse.\
 You say, yeah, that's not a problem.\
 How does your spouse feel about you starting\
 your own business so you can make more money\
 for the family?\
 Notice how I'm repeating back what they said they wanted\
 to make more money.\
 That's why they started business.\
 Prospect says, well, I think they would like that.\
 Then you would say, well, what are you\
 of funding to put into the business, so you can make more money. Like, what would happen then? Prospects says, well, I guess I just have to figure out what to do. I'm not really sure you ask. Well, if you don't get the funding together, how would you be able to even start your own business so that you can get out of your job and have more time with your kids. So you're asking a consequence here to help them realize if they don't get any if they don't do anything about this, they're just going to stay in the middle of the business.\
 status quo, nothing will ever change. You also just repeat it back the second benefit they said they want to. They wanted to start their own business. They can have more time with their kids at home. Prospect says this from that response. Yeah, I'm going to, you know, I'm definitely going to have to do something here for for sure. I just need to talk to them first. You would say, well, what's your time for them on getting back to me the next day or two just to see if I'd be available for you? Well, I could call you tomorrow the next day probably\
 What I can do if you have your calendar handy, I can pull up mine. So you can book a specific time with me in the next day or so. Just so you don't have to chase me down by spurs. So would that be appropriate. Now never ever let them just randomly call you back. If you do, you will rarely ever hear from it. I've got spizzy. You said a specific time no matter what you live by that rule. You're on the next day and start up now when you get on the call. Let's say the next day. And you start. Let's say\
 that concern. Just give me an example. Let's see, you couldn't overcome their concern on their, they had to talk to the spouse. Just some people going to be that maybe 10 to 15 percent. You're on with them next day. You simply get on there. Now, how does your spouse feel about you starting your own business so you can make more money? See how that works. Let's say if you sold insurance. Give you another example. Industry specific prospects. You know, I just really need to talk to my spouse. Yeah, that's not a problem. How does your spouse feel about you\
 to pay for the mortgage and all these other expenses when something does happen to you.\
 Notice how they repeat back what they said they wanted. They're going to answer.\
 Then you say, "Well, what would you do if you go to them?"\
 And they don't want you to put the extra funds into the policy and you don't have that protection for them.\
 And then something actually happens to you like, "What would they do then?"\
 "Probably, well, I don't know. I'd have to figure something else. Then you're going to say\
 If you did pass away God forbid 15 years earlier than you thought, and then she\
 gets stuck with having to pay the mortgage and all the other bills, but she doesn't have the money even do that. What would she do with that point? Prospect says, "Oh, I don't know. I hope that doesn't happen." You would say, "Are you willing to take that risk?" Or are you willing to settle for that? Take that risk though? Prospect. No, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know\
 I really need to do something about this for sure. Okay, but why look at doing this now like why not push it down the road? Like a lot of people would and then they pass away and then their spouses left having to pay for everything. Oh, no, no, no, I'm not going to be that type of person. Okay, see that they defending themselves on why they don't want to be that type of person. Okay. And then you can ask, okay, well, what do you think you should do that you're going to let them answer and then you say, well, what do you\
 If you still cannot overcome that concern after all of that, you're just going to set the appointment like I taught you in the previous last two objections.\
 All right, so let's go into the next example.\
 Let's say that you sell lead services are marketing, okay?\
 You sell that to companies and small business owners.\
 It'd be the same structure.\
 Let's say they have a business partner.\
 Prospect says, this sounds good, but I'm going to have to speak to my business partner to see what they think.\
 You would say, "\
 Use your business partner feel about you guys getting a higher or more qualified to be type so that your company makes more sales.\
 Notice I'm plugging in what they said they wanted a higher quality lead and I tied that result of that lead which is to make more sales.\
 Remember people don't buy your product or service they buy the results that your product or service can actually get them.\
 They're not buying the product or service itself.\
 Prospect says, "Well, yeah, I mean they'd want better at least for sure. I mean who would you would then ask? Well, what are you gonna do though if you go to them?" And they don't want you to put in the extra funding to get these higher quality leads and your sales keep going down over the next three to six months. Notice how I'm asking a consequence question here to get the prospect to realize what would happen if they don't do anything. Prospect says, "Yeah, we have to do something for sure otherwise we would definitely go under that point." Okay, but why\
 something about this now, why not push it down the road like unsuccessful business owners?\
 Well, I mean the reason why we need to do this now is because X and Y and Z. And a lot of times you can resolve that concern and close your might thing in there. Now, some business is you're not going to be able to especially with a much larger company. If it's in the enterprise account, you're not going to close that on that deal. Okay. Now, if you sell B to B more than likely you are going to have to set up a call with that person's business partner.\
 large enterprise accounts, there's gonna be a lot of other things you have to do to get other decision makers and influencers involved in that account. But for this example and for this purpose, let's say that you're selling to a small company. There's two business partners and maybe ten employees. Very small company. Okay. It's still probably gonna have to have the other business partner on there. All right. So here's how you want to do it. You want to get them involved. You don't want them to just go that are business partners. Hey, I'll call you back if they're interested. That\
 with your business partner and you to really discuss how we might be able to help you solve these problems you brought up to me? That's the exact question. I'm going to say yeah, I think that would help actually and then you say well what I can do if you have your calendar handy I can pull up mine. So you can book a specific time with me in the next day or so so you don't have to chase me down a vice versa would that help you? Same commitment counter we talked about that process is how you help your prospect overcome that I need to talk about.\
 to my spouse or partner objection.\
}