{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Let's go over specifically how to overcome certain objections. And I know you all get on here. So, let's talk about number three, the price concern. Let's start right here. I know all of you get this. And so we're going to, this is going to be one of the top concerns that you probably ever get as a professional salesperson. Okay? The price concern. Okay? We don't have a lot of money. So, we're going to have a lot of money. So, we're going to have a lot of money. So, we're going to have a lot of money\
 the money for this. All right, so let's put that up here. We don't have the money. It could be money. They could say funds. They could say budget. It just all depends on if you sell B to C or B to be. If you're selling B to B, it's probably going to be. We don't have the budget. You're selling B to C a lot of times. They're going to say we don't have the money. But it could be.\
 either war, okay? Who wants to learn how to resolve this one? So let me give an example of how this might look. This first one I'm going to give you is deliberately generic so that you can easily plug in your own industry and tailor to the product or service that you sell and then I'll give you a few industry specific examples. You can see how boils down. The prospects says, you know, we really like your product, but yeah, at this time we just we don't have the money for it or at this time we just can't afford it. You say, yeah, I'm going to\
 That's not a problem. Tell me if you did have the funds or the money, tell me if you did have the money or tell me if you did have the budget. Would this be something that would work for you? So let me break this down. Tell me if you did have the funding. Is this something that would work for you? Now if you've asked the right questions in that conversation, most of them are going to say, yeah, it would or they're going to say, yes, it would. But and then they're going to throw out their concern. Okay, down. Did you notice high\
 pause there. Did you notice how I paused? That's not a problem, Amy. Tell me if you did have the funds, is this something that would work for you? Prospect most of the time I say, yeah, it would, or yeah, it would, but in the tell you they're concerned. They're a Jackson or yeah, I would, but we don't have the money. Okay. Then you're going to say this. Let's say if they just say, yeah, it would and they don't throw out the money concerned right there. And then they're going to say, yeah,\
 and I say, yeah, really would. You say, okay, but why do you feel like it would though? Why do you feel like it would though? Okay? You see my skepticism in my face right there in my tone.\
 Press X as well. We like it, but we just don't have the money for it. Now let's roll back. Let's roll back. Let's say they say, yeah, would, but we just don't have the money. Here's what you'd want to say to that. Yeah, really would James, but we just don't have the money.\
 you feel like it would though and they're going to start telling you why they\
 feel it's what they're looking for. Now why would you want them to tell you\
 why it's what they're looking for? Because at the same time they're telling you\
 they're telling themselves why it's what they're looking for. And then you're\
 going to ask this question. Yeah and I can appreciate that money might be an issue from what you told me. How do you\
 think you can resolve that where you can find the funds so that you can and then you're going to\
 plug-in what they said they want it and we'll have that up here somewhere. How do you think you can resolve that where you can find the money so that you can? And then you plug-in what they said they want it. Okay, you're tying them in them getting the funding the money with having what they said they want it. If they can get the funding they get what they want. If they can't get the funding they don't get what they want. See how you get them to think the funding gets them to where they want.\
 they want to be, which it does. If they can't get the funding, then they don't get what they want. Now many times when you ask them this question because of the trust they have in you. They will be the ones that come with ways on how they can get the funds together. Once you learn any PQ. Now when you do this correctly, they'll think about maybe using a credit card getting alone refinancing their house, buying from the 401 investments or getting their boss to take money from a different department to invest in your solution.\
 It all depends on what you say, whether it's B to C or B to B. Now, they cannot come up with ways on how they can get the money. You simply ask this question. Okay, but what other avenue, you know, Jeremy, I just don't know. I don't know if I can get the funding you take them through that and I ask them, you know, how do you think you know, overcome that to find the funding like, I don't know. I just don't have anything. Then you ask this. What other avenues do you have to find the funding so that you\
 Okay, now let me give you a few examples you can see me do this. Now we train,\
 like I said, over 150 different industries. I wish I could show you all the examples to you,\
 but I'm just going to give you a few today. Here's one for this. Let's say if you\
 sold home security systems. What are their avenues do you have to find the funding to\
 protect your home and your family from intruders breaking in when you're out of town?\
 What other avenues do you have to find the funds to protect your home and family from intruders that might break in while you're out of town?\
 Let's say if you sell health coaching or supplements, what other avenues do you have to find the funding to be able to lose this 90 pounds?\
 So like you mentioned, you can watch your grandkids grow up.\
 If that's what they said they wouldn't.\
 Let's say if you sell rental or commercial properties, what other avenues do you have to find the funding to purchase this money?\
 rent a property so you get a greater return your money. So I'm tying in the in result with the money.\
 Think if the money they get what they want. If they can't get the money they don't get what they want.\
 Let's say you're a real estate agent. What are their avenues do you have to find the funding\
 to get the down payment so that you get your family into the safer neighborhood? If that's what they said they wouldn't.\
 Let's say if you're selling lead services are marketing to companies more of a B to B sale.\
 What are their avenues do you have to find the funding to start getting the higher quality of lead so that your sales people make more sales for you?\
 Let's say if you sold life insurance, okay? Doesn't really matter. Just plug it in.\
 What are their avenues do you have to find the funds so that your families financially protected when you do pass away?\
 Let's say you sold cybersecurity to businesses or banks more of a B to B complex sound environment.\
 Well, what are their avenues do you have to find the funds so that you're able protect your customers from fraud and all that identity that's going on?\
 See how that works?\
 I'm also going to give you an industry specific example, the whole way through, so you see how the structure works and then you plug in what you sell. Just plug in your product or service here.\
 And this example, the salesperson is selling e-commerce training.\
 Okay, the prospect says, hey, we really like this, but we just don't have the money.\
 Yeah, that's not a problem.\
 Tell me if you did have the funds, is this something that would work for you?\
 Notice how I pause there.\
 Oh, well, for sure if we have the funds, well, hold on. Why do you feel like it is though?\
 Okay. Did you hear my tone?\
 Just like if you're a Hollywood actor, actress, okay?\
 just practice that. You have to role play to memorize the questions. Okay,\
 "Gisthen it sounds natural." Okay, but why do you feel like it is though? Or if they say, "Well, I do, but I just don't have the money." You say, "Well, money aside, why do you feel like it would though?" See, I would do that. Well, money aside, why do you feel like it would? Oh, I would because of Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob. Okay, and I can appreciate that money might be an issue from what you\
 think you can resolve that where you can find the funding so that you start making\
 profits in your stores. If that's what they want it, right? They want to buy the\
 e-commerce training to learn how profit from their stores. I'm tying that in.\
 If they get the money, they get the training, they make money. If they can't get the money,\
 they don't get the right training, they don't make money. If that's what you sell.\
 Okay? If they still can't figure it out. Well, what other avenues do you\
 have defined the funding so you can start the business so you can make more money. If that's what they want. Okay, if they still can't come with ways. Have you ever considered putting it on a credit card or just paying it off when you start making profits after we set everything up with you? Or you could say this way. Can I make a suggestion? Well, they're like, yeah, yeah, you sure can go ahead. What I can do is show you the avenues that are other client use to get the funding if they don't have a job. And then you can do that. And then\
 have it themselves and you'll have to see if you have those options if you're wanting to start your own business where you can make more money. Notice how I'm plugging in what they said they wanted. Start a business where they can make more money. Now after you go through the ways that your other clients find the funds you simply ask at the end of that and what are those avenues do you have. Okay. Now here's a complete generic version again. Once again, you're going to plug in what you sell to the structure and you can follow along with me here in the main page.\
 That's not a problem. You always say that's not a problem in the beginning. If they give in it, yeah, that's not a problem. Tell me if you did have the funding. Is this something that would work for you? Oh, it would for sure. Bubble. Well, hold on. Why? Why do you feel like it would though? Well, because of this because of that. Okay. And I can appreciate that money might be an issue from what you said. Tell me. How do you think you can resolve that so you can be back with? They said they wouldn't. Well,\
 so that you can and you repeat back the second thing they wanted. If they still can't come with the\
 avenues then you can make a suggestion by this. Can I make a suggestion Amy?\
 Yeah, go ahead and you would simply suggest what other kinds of yours do to find the funding to solve the problem. All right.\
}