{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, objection number 28. What's a difference with your company compared to others who do something similar to you? Or who do the same thing? Now, typically you're going to get this objection. This could be B to B or B to C. Doesn't matter what you sell. You're going to get this objection or I would call it even a question. It's just going to be thrown at you in the beginning of a sales call or conversation or the beginning of a boardroom. It could be that. You might have already had several calls with the C level.\
 Secretary of the Brethren of Decision Makers now they're having you present to the board.\
 Somebody you've never met, a decision maker throws that out in the very beginning, put you on the spot.\
 What the hell do you do?\
 So let's say at the beginning of a conversation, then the first minute, the prospect just throws out the subjection and says, "Well, what's different about your company can part of others out there who have similar services Jeremy?"\
 You say, "Well, maybe nothing."\
 And just so you're a wearer, Sandra\
 We'd have to understand more about what you have in place now as far as X and Y and Z. Compared to what you might be looking for, see kind of what that gap looks like. For example, what do you currently use for? And you go right into your first situation. See the first thing we have to do is disarm the prospects so they want to engage. If you just go right into it, well, the reason why we're different is because of this and because of this we have the best is and the best that they're just going to try to get rid of you.\
 That's what most sales people do. They go off on how they have the best. They're the best at that and they start talking about the amazing features and benefits that they believe are better than competition.\
 But what's the major problem with that?\
 We're prospect here's the same thing from your competitors, right?\
 And every other sales person is ever tried to sell them something. So you all sound the same.\
 And because of that, you get commoditized with everyone else, where they view you as just another sales person trying to sub your solution.\
 down your throat, never do that. Do what I showed you how to do and watch them open up engage. Important when you say, well, maybe nothing. Well, maybe nothing. And just so you're aware, I'm not quite sure we can even help you. When I say, well, maybe nothing, I want to pause two seconds in between that. You don't want to see that all in one sentence. Okay.\
}