{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  This gober objection number 21. I don't know. This gober objection number 21. I don't know if this work for what we do, or I don't know if this work for our industry. Okay, let's talk about that for a second. All right. I don't know. If this.\
 We'll work for what we do could be variations or our industry. Okay? Let's talk about the differences. Alright. So depending on what you sell, you might get that objection. And once again, the first thing we have to do is first clarify what they actually mean. So we understand the real concern. Now, there's going to be some indication.\
 that you'll never get this objection and then others that you will. So let's talk about that. Prospect says, you know, I'm just not sure this is actually going to work force and you simply say in what way or you could say, how do you mean or you could say what wouldn't work specifically just so I understand three different ways you could ask it. Prospect says, well, we're not sure if it'll be able to x, y, z. You say, why do you fill wouldn't be able to blank just so we understand?\
 Why do you feel like it wouldn't be able to blank? We peep back what they said just so I understand\
 Prospect you don't let them respond on why they feel they wanted and then you're gonna say now if there was a way it could and then you're gonna repeat back what they said it wouldn't do\
 Would you be open to looking at that if we walked you through it? No, let me repeat that for a second if there was a way it could\
 "Peep back what they said it wouldn't do. Would you be open to looking at that if we walk through it with you?"\
 I mean give an example. Let's say you sold medical device equipment and the doctor said they were unsure the\
 knee replacement. Let's say you said knee replacements would work as good as what they already used. They're not quite sure if it's\
 going to work as good. Prospect says, "I'm not sure this model would work as good as the ABC model we've been using."\
 You say, "Why do you feel when work for your patients just so I understand or in what way?"\
 Pric 6 says, "Well, we're not quite sure if it'll ABC and D." Then you say, "So if there was a\
 way that this XYZ model could do all of that, but also be able to cut your operative time by let's say\
 50% so you could see more patients. Would you be open to exploring that further with us?"\
 See, I asked that question. Let's say in that example that their biggest problem was operated time,\
 and they wanted to reduce that operative time so they get see more patients because the more patients they can see, the more\
 surgeries they can do, the more money they make. See, I closed that in. So if there was a way that the x, y, z model could do all that,\
 but still be able to cut your operative time by like we talked about 40 to 50 percent. So you get see more patients.\
 Would you be open to exploring that further with this? Nobody's gonna say no. I went at their bike. Yeah, sure, and then you start exploring that with them. Okay?\
}