{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  So, objection number 27, what do we got? I've just got way too many things going on. Can you give me a call back later? You can't fall victim and so, yes, I'll call you tomorrow at 10pm. Okay, let's say you call an outbound lead who's responded to some type of that requesting information and you're calling back and the prospect answer says, "Hey, thanks for calling, but I'm just wrapped up orphaned out. Can you call me back later?" You say, "Well, I'm sorry, but I'm just going to call you back." And\
 possibly what I can do if it helps is give you my number and have you call me back later today to see if I'd be available for you. With that would that help you? Prosthics is going to say sure. Okay my numbers. They won 6 8 9 5 4 5 6 5. Now what's your timeframe on getting back to me later today just to see if I'm going to be around for you. And why would I not just ask the prospect when they want me to call and then I would just call that time.\
 like if they say, can you just call me back tomorrow at 9pm? Why would you not want to do that? Because it makes you look desperate. It makes you look attached. It makes you look like just another salesperson in their mind that they can commoditize and try to get rid of. You're just trying to sell them something. I notice when you do call them back later in the time that they wanted you to call back or the next day or on the weekend that 90% of the time they don't even answer. They don't even a voicemail. You email them and you can't\
 never get back to you. Do you know why that happens? Because they're trying to get rid of you,\
 because something you said or didn't ask in the beginning of that call,\
 triggered them to go into what we call fight or flight mode and they're trying to get you out of there.\
 So, process says, well, I could call you later today, maybe around four or five,\
 you say, I should be available then. Now, if I don't answer James, can you just text me and I'll have to see\
 when I get back to you. Would that work? Sure, yeah, that's fine. Now more than likely the prospect is not going to call you a four. They might, but more than likely they won't. So you wait a few minutes after four say four or two four or three. Two or three minutes after they're supposed to call you. To make sure you don't look desperate like you're calling them run on time and then you call them and say this. Hey, hey James, it's just Jeremy. I'm a bit behind schedule. I was just with another client. Okay. So it looks\
 Facebook about and then you go into your first connecting questions to take the focus off you and put it on that. Now here's another way to overcome the subject. It's called an NEPQ counter commitment. I showed you a few times throughout different objections how to do this. I'm going to show you a different version. Prospect says, hey, thanks for calling James, but I mean, I'm really wrapped up with a project now. Can you come back later tonight? Well, possibly. I don't really work in the evenings for a much normal business.\
 of my schedule. What I can do if it helps is if you had your calendar handy, I can pull\
 up mine and have you book a specific time with me, maybe during normal business hours,\
 that way you don't have to chase me down on vice versa. Would that be appropriate?\
 Then you book a specific time with them. Don't book it two weeks later, book it a day or two later.\
 No, notice how you have built an equal status frame with them. When you say,\
 That way you don't have to chase me down. That one phrase frames you as someone who's important.\
 Whose time is valuable. You're an expert at trusted authority. Who's got lots of other clients.\
 You don't need them. You're detached. You're inclined to see if you can help them.\
}