{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  So, objection number two, this is two expensive. Now, how many of you get that objection? Probably, all of you, doesn't matter if you sell business to consumer or business to business. So, what do you do? Instead of just wrapping off a rebuttal because you think they know what they mean?\
 I don't know what they mean by it's just too expensive. That could mean tender from things. So let's see this.\
 John this is just too expensive for a company. You would ask, "How do you mean by it's too expensive?"\
 How do you mean by it's too expensive? See, I did that my tone, prospects. Well, another company I'm looking at. I mean it's 10% cheaper for the same product.\
 Now, do you see what we just found out? The sales person now knows what the prospect means when they say it's too expensive. He now means that the product he's looking at other companies. So now you have a concern there. He's looking at other options and products.\
 And what he's also looking at, he thinks or she thinks is 10% cheaper. Now, maybe it's not. Maybe the service or the product doesn't do what yours does and there's some justification there.\
 But now you actually know what the concern means, okay? In other situations it could mean something completely different. It could mean we don't have the budget right now until next quarter when the board releases the funds if you sell business to business.\
 or it can mean your quote would be too high once we add in repairs and maintenance costs as if you sold farming equipment or you know, we train companies, it even do that. Or it could mean once that they hire some an implement, let's say if you sell software and they have to hire people in boom that it could take over what they've allocated for that with their budget. It could be many different things depending on your industry. Can you see how each of those answers reveal a different reason for the objection of this is to, you know,\
 expensive. Now here's another example, okay, in the same sense. Prospect says, you know, this\
 proposal is just too expensive for the company. And this example I'm getting now is pretty much\
 B to B. This proposal is too expensive for the company. You would say, how do you mean John? Or, why do you say it's to\
 expensive? Or, how do you mean by it's too expensive? See, three different clarifying questions you can ask. Prospect says, well,\
 So most we get paid for the service is about, you know, 657,000 a month maximum, but you're\
 quoting us around 11,000 dollars a month. Now you need it. Ask another question. Can I ask\
 how you arrive at that monthly figure of 7,000 a month? See that clarifying question? You\
 got to get behind what's behind that objection. Prospect. Well, that's where COCO allocated\
 us to be able to spend on this type of service because it cuts back in our department from the\
 recent merger. Now the salesperson can see the picture a lot more clearly than before. The meaning for\
 this prospect of its two expensive. At the CEO has only allocated them 7,000 monthly due to cutbacks\
 because the company has recently gone to a merger. Now with that external, it's the salesperson may\
 be able to negotiate a different agreement on price, whereas by changing service options from\
 the original offer or by giving them a different type of service that matches our budget or\
 once you really understand that is so, once you get really good like our clients are\
 and you go through an NPQ virtual training courses on the right questions asked, you would want to ask\
 you question like this. Do you feel like the budget you've been given is sufficient to actually\
 solve this problem though? Do you feel like the budget they gave you is going to be sufficient to\
 or so help me understand with cost being the most important to your CEO. Can I ask how that\
 compares to your company actually getting results and being able to solve that problem though?\
 Now what does that question do? That gets into think that maybe they need to get funds from\
 some or else maybe a different department to be able to invest with you to solve their problems.\
 they will get the funds if they don't have them.\
 Once you've built that gap in their mind by the questions you've asked,\
 see the difference in there? Okay.\
}