{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Okay, let's go to objection number seven. Can you just send me information? You get the beginning of the call. Hey, can you just send me some information?\
 Objection number seven can you just send me some information? How many of you get this objection? And then you send them information?\
 And you never hear from them. Stop the madness. You get excited. You're going to make two or three\
 commission on this. Then you email them the information. You never hear back from them. You call,\
 you email them again and again. And you never hear back from them. Well, hot, hot, hot, hot,\
 never do this if you want to make a ton of money in sales. Prospect says, hey, I'm busy right now.\
 can you just send me some information on my email? You say this. Yeah, that's not a problem. Just so I can put together the best information for you. What exactly are you looking for? Prospect says, well, I'm looking to see how your XYZ product could bubble bubble bought and you say, oh, okay. And what do you use now for your or who do you use for your and then you simply start going through the engagement stage with your first situation question is a very natural way to go from just to get to the point of view. And then you can go to the point of view\
 Synchronization, to help in the prospect uncover their problems and to start to engage with you in that conversation. Now after you've taken them through that engagement stage towards the end of that call, you will bring up the question they asked about sending them more information like this. You say this. Okay, good first call that helps us better understand what's going on. And what I can do if you'd like is send you more information about how we could solve those challenges you had mentioned. Now let's suppose that you're going to be able to do that. And what you're going to do is to help us to\
 your firm goes through that information and it fits into what you're looking for. What would you want\
 the next step to be at that point? What would you want the next step to be?\
 Let me give you one. Never, never, send out information for a prospect without\
 first finding out if there is serious person wanting to change your situation.\
 Otherwise you were wasting your valuable selling time period.\
}