{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Section number 19, I'm happy with my current vendor or they might reverted Sam. I'm happy with the company we are to use. It just depends on what you sell. Or I'm happy with the service company we are to use. It just depends on what you do. Okay. Now, let's say,\
 early in a sales call, your prospect says up front that they're happy with who they are using. That happens, right? And just so you're where? This is a common knee jerk reaction from a prospect to a sales person. So they can try to get rid of you. The first thing we have to do is disarm them. Okay. We have to follow the A, B, D's of selling. Always, right this down. Always.\
 be disarming. From the beginning of that conversation to the middle of that sales process, to the end of that sales process, even while they're wiring or paying for the funds, you're always having to disarming their prospects so they keep engaging and wanting to open up. Okay? Get them curious enough. So let's say they say this early in the call. Prospect says, you know, thanks for the call, but we're pretty happy with the current vendor we already have. You say, yeah, that's not a problem. And just so you're a little bit\
 where I am, I'm not quite sure we could even help you yet. I'm going to pause two seconds. We'd\
 have to understand a little bit more about what you're using or you might say using doing for XYZ\
 to see if we could even help in the first space because maybe you're better off staying with who you already have.\
 For example, I should probably ask first, who do you use for? And then you're going to ask your first situation question to find out what the current situation looks\
 therefore starting a two-way conversation. So you start off by disarming the prospect by\
 agreeing that you might not be able to help them which removes any sales resistance from their\
 mind-priced deck and causes them to be far more open and having a real conversation with you\
 instead of going into fighter flight mode and trying to get rid of you. Do you see the difference in that?\
 It's very, very important for you.\
}