{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  So what's different about your company compared to others out there? So what's so different? So I gave you a different version of that a while ago, but sometimes you're going to get different versions of this so I want to show you. So what's so different about your company compared to the company we are to use? Now this image actually you might get at the beginning of the meeting with the board beginning of an appointment with any type of prospect whether they just broadly come out and ask this early on in the conversation. When this happens you want to remain calm, collective, and then you're going to be able to\
 You want to disarm them when they start to pull you in. Never do what most sales people do and start saying something like well\
 The reason why we're different than the company you're with is we've been in business for 12 years. We have the bus customer service. We have the bus owners. We have the bus product because of XYZ. We have the best this. We have the best that we have blah blah blah. This will only trigger more sales assistance from your prospects\
 Now, why is that? It's because every single sales person says they have the best product for service right how many sales people?\
 If ever sold you something say, "Yeah, we got the fit best product in the market." No one they always say they're the best. So when sales people say they have the best and they talk down about their competition. Just so you're aware it actually triggers your prospect to trust you less because they're used to every sales person.\
 the same thing. So we wanted to solve them here to get them to open up and start pulling us in. Prospects says,\
 "So what's different about your company compared to the company we are to use?" You say, "Well, maybe nothing."\
 And just so you're aware, I'm not quite sure we could even help you yet. We'd have to understand more about what you're doing now with XY and Z to see if we can even help you in the first place,\
 because maybe you're better off going with somebody else. Or maybe you're better off going with, or you could say this, if they already have a company. Because maybe you're better off staying with who you already have. Are you with me on that? Now, prospect told me to storm and stun because they were not expecting that. It's going to say, yeah, we'd like to see what you're offering for sure. Okay, for sure. But first we need to better understand what you have now for blank. Can you walk me through that? And now you're going into asking your first situation.\
 question. I realized we went through a different example that a while ago, but I wanted to give you a different version of that so you can see how you can angle it better.\
}