{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, let's go to objection number 50. We have arrived. We've got a few extra bonus ones for you though. All right, let's go to objection number 50. This is a good one. Sounds too good to be true. This sounds really good, but it just sounds too good to be true. It sounds to go to the right.\
 to be true. Have you ever got this objection? I got this objection in both B2B sales and B2C sales and then the series I sold it. Okay? Primarily you're going to see it more B2C, but you will surprisingly have this in some B2B deals too. Okay? This is another fear-based objection. Like I said that you're going to see in different industries, especially if you're going to be in the same way.\
 you sell some type of product or service or training program that teaches people how they make\
 an ROI or some type of money. This will come up frequently if you're in those industries.\
 And it can come up in other industries too. You'd be surprised. It's not a ton of it, but it will\
 happen. So I want you to be prepared. Okay, Prospect says, well, you know, it just sounds too\
 good to be true to me. You would ask, well, would you like us to make it harder for you? See,\
 did that? Would you like us to make it harder for you like I'm questioning them? And they're\
 going to say, "Most will laugh." Oh, don't get me wrong, but when I was a kid my grandfather would\
 always say if it sounds too to be true it probably is. Yeah, my grandfather would say that too.\
 Can I ask you something now? Sure, go ahead. That's saying you would say that saying if it sounds\
 two good to be true it probably is. Where do you think that originally came from? Some of that\
 it was extremely wealthy or somebody that was poor. Now a lot of times they'll say, "Oh, somebody\
 was poor." Or they might say, "I'm not sure, maybe somebody that was poor." And you say, "Exactly,\
 someone who was poor." So if you take advice from poor people, what type of financial results do you\
 Prospect. Well, I guess the same results they're getting. Do you want to change that? Oh my gosh,\
 she has I have to change. Then you would say, we don't have to. I mean, why do this now? Like, why not\
 push it down the road like unsuccessful people would? Now they're going to fight back because they don't\
 want to be like this, but oh, no, no, no, I'm not going to be like that. And then you ask a commitment\
 question and you'll close the sale.\
}