{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Welcome to the training. My name is Jeremy Miner and the Chairman and founder of 7th level. If you are a salesperson coach, sales executive, sales manager who wants to lead your team, make more sales. If you're an entrepreneur or a business owner who want to help your salespeople, sell more of your products and services.\
 or your sales professional, whatever you do,\
 whether it's B2B, B2C, it doesn't matter.\
 You in the right place at the right time.\
 Now, this training that you're about to go through,\
 this portal that you now have access to,\
 is on advanced objection handling.\
 This is our advanced objection handling.\
 2.0, in this training, I'm gonna give you the top 50,\
 actually not, not the top 50.\
 I threw in one as a bonus, the top 51.\
 objections that you will ever see in a doesn't matter if you sell business to business or\
 you have sell business to consumer and I'm going to show you the difference. Now some of these\
 objections are only going to be for business to business. Some are only going to be for business\
 to consumer and I will specify the differences as we go through. Okay. Let's buckle up. Let's have some\
 fun. I'm going to use this board, this vibe board right behind me here in my office to go over a lot of\
 role play with myself, I'm going to show you the tonality and what to do on the objections, what questions to ask to your prospects to overcome themselves, which is the highest form of persuasion according to the previous science.\
 So first of all, let's go ahead and start here. We have to realize that an objection is only a concern that your prospect has. It's not a rejection of you. Okay, now is not the time to react to any objection you get.\
 Unfortunately, at this point, many salespeople, I would say most salespeople just fly off the cuff, instead of working to uncover what's behind the objection. Like what the objection actually means.\
 Realize this is not the time to go back into selling mode to try to persuade them with logical facts on why your solution is good for them and you are right and they are wrong.\
 And I'm just going to get you a lot of lost sales opportunities.\
 If you've done your work correctly and you've gone deep into the conversation and your\
 sales process with your prospect using NEPQ, now that means neuroemotional persuasion\
 question that we teach in our virtual 2.0 and virtual 3.0 training courses.\
 If you've done that, most if not all objections will be eliminated during the engagement stage\
 of the process.\
 Okay, that's called objection prevention.\
 Now number repeat, you can literally reduce\
 the objection you're getting right now by 50 to 70% or more.\
 What we're gonna talk about in this course is when you get\
 the objections, how to actually handle them.\
 Okay, what do you do?\
 What do you say?\
 What do you ask?\
 So if you do get an objection, I want you to look at it\
 as a concern.\
 Try to understand that your prospects point of view,\
 Put yourself in their shoes as they determine if what you're offering, what you're offering them is only a promise of a better future.\
 Understand, they have to make that commitment before you deliver what you promise. They have to pay for your product or service before you deliver on what you said you could do.\
 Are you with me on that? Okay. Let's go and jump in. Now, when a prospect brings up an objection, how do you usually react to it? How do you respond?\
 What starts going through your mind when you hear an objection like this? You know your prices too high. We don't need it. I'm not interested. I'm good. Let me think it over. Can you let me submit information? Can you just email me a quote? We don't have the budget for this. Is this a scam? I can't afford this right now. We don't have the budget for it. I saw some negative reviews about your company online. We already have a company or a vendor we use for that. I don't I don't I need to get more quotes. I need to\
 spouse, I need to think it over. You've heard all those haven't you? What goes off in your mind when you hear those objections? You go into what we call objection, hand-lead mode, right? Like a roll-up because that's what you might have been taught. We get impatient. You've heard the same objections so many times. The sometimes you just cut them off before they even finish their sentence and you try to overcome it with facts and logic to try and prove and support your solution.\
 You might even use the old feel, felt, found technique that's been around since the stone ages of selling.\
 John, I know how you feel. There's a vote the same way and this is what they found.\
 That technique does not work on most of today's sophisticated,\
 educated, cautious, skeptical buyers throw it out the door unless you want to be average in sales. Now is not the time to try to sell them or persuade them on why you are right. It's actually time to listen and validate what they are saying and feeling and even ask them to expand on why they feel that way. You're going to notice it once you do. They will this arm. They will become open. Their guard goes down. And they will be able to do that. And they will be able to do that. And they will be able to do that. And they will be able to do that.\
 and the look at you more as an expert or a trusted authority, not someone just trying to sell them something. Once again, if you've asked the right questions, which we can teach another virtual training platforms. If you've asked the right, any PQ questions at the right time in the conversation, most if not all, their objections will be eliminated during the engagement stage. Okay, you don't want to have commission breath here. Hashtag get rid of the commission breath, like no commission breath. Now let me ask you this.\
 How powerful would you be in selling if you knew specific skilled questions? When and how to ask them to get your prospect to overcome their own concerns and persuade themselves that they wanted to buy from you rather than you trying to chase after them yourself.\
 So we're going to give you some very powerful NEPQ questions like an ordeer, all right? We're going to give you a nibble and then we're going to go into all these different 51 objections and exactly what to say an ask to get them to overcome those, okay?\
 Once you're learning that it's going to put you in the front of the pack of all sales people trying to win over that same account or prospect and put you at the top in your sales office and your industry.\
 I want you to also understand the sometimes even with a perfect dialogue with a prospect. You're going to encounter sometimes some concerns and you want to discuss them with your potential customer. If you try to hide the objection or just sweep them underneath the rug, it's still going to be in their mind when you try and close that sale, which they are going to bring that up and it actually creates more objections. You don't want to go there. So if you hear certain things in the conversations that are not going to be in the same place, you're going to be in the same place, you're going to be in\
 signs to you that they are possibly going to have an objection when you go through your presentation at the end whether it's a one call close or a two call close or more of a complex sound environment two three four month sales process.\
 You need to ask certain questions to seed in their mind and eliminate that objection before it happens.\
 Give you an example of this in an industry specific example. So you can see how it might work.\
 Let's say if you sold in the high ticket industry,\
 we train a lot of companies, and that is,\
 we actually train over 150 different industries at this point.\
 So everybody watching this,\
 we train some type of company,\
 if not multiple companies, or hundreds,\
 if not thousands of salespeople,\
 selling exactly what you sell right now.\
 But let's say in this example,\
 'cause I wanna show you something,\
 it's a high ticket industry,\
 and let's say you sold a training program,\
 The teaches business owners had a scale of their companies from operations to leads to sales.\
 Okay, I was just working on a script right before I got on this.\
 So I'm going to give this an example.\
 So objection number one, alright. I'm going to show you to do this.\
 Let's say the prospects has halfway through.\
 Well, you know, Jeremy, I've tried several programs.\
 They just haven't worked out for me.\
 That's the objection. Okay.\
 That you know that's going to be a concern because if they\
 program teaches their companies how to scale and they bought programs before\
 like that they didn't work out. You think they're going to have that\
 same concern or objection at the very end when you try to\
 close them of course they will okay they have that fear in their mind.\
 So when you drop the price at the end okay of what it will take to buy your\
 services that fear is still going to be that right and you're going to have to\
 compete with that so why not try to eliminate why not\
 eliminate that before you even get to that point. Are you with me on that? So I might say this. Okay. Oh, hold on. When you say those programs didn't work out for you like what specific programs did you actually go through?\
 Prospector Lancer. Okay, and you're going to say, oh and more parts of those do you feel didn't work for you. See how I'm engaging. I'm having a two way real conversation.\
 The prospects as well, they didn't do this and they didn't do that. You say, "Ah, okay." And were there other companies getting results using those programs and training? Now, most of your prospects are going to say, "Yeah, I mean, I saw some testimonials." And then you're going to say this. You're going to ask this. So, if there were other people in companies that were getting results, what do you feel how you back from having the same success they had though?\
 And then here's what your prospect's gonna do. They're gonna tell you something that they probably didn't do on their own that caused some of that to happen.\
 Prosthin I say well, I really didn't like their support system they had and around that time we also had a baby and I just didn't have a lot of time to put into it.\
 Okay, now most will start to view in their mind. That designs just the program. Maybe they were partly responsible themselves. Maybe they didn't put in the time.\
 Maybe they didn't really work hard enough to really show up and empowers him to feel like they won't let that happen again. So then I might say like this something like this, okay?\
 We'll have this up here so you guys can see it. Okay, so the supports important you that. What did I just do there?\
 They just said that the last thing they got involved with the last program they got what didn't have great support. So instead of me saying like any sales person would say, oh, don't worry. We've got the best support here. That will never happen with\
 which by the way every sales person says that even the person who sold her the last program\
 probably said that the support would be solid. So if you sound like them,\
 they start to get skeptical and they lose trust. So when I say okay so the support's important,\
 then that implies what? That we have great support. I just seated that into that person's mind.\
 Now at the end of the presentation, it's extremely hard for them to have the same\
 objection now because you've helped them overcome it in their mind so it doesn't\
 least surface later in the sales process as an objection. You see how that works? Okay,\
 that was the first objection. That's just a little warm up. Okay, so let's jump back in. Okay,\
 so any few questions will have already established something\
 that most salespeople never do with their prospects? You have actually established trust.\
 So you'll already have a good relationship so you want to be open and ask if there's\
 anything that I'd like to address you at this point. You ask it like this. Let me, I'll just kind of erase this here for you. So you guys can see this. Okay. Let me clear the, clear the canvas here for you. Love these white boards. So you're going to ask a question like this. Okay. At the very end anything. You would like to.\
 address to me at this point. Now this is called an NEPQ checking for a\
 agreement question does that make sense to you're working with two\
 people together as a team working to resolve that concern\
 at the end. So I'm just going to ask him at the end. We've you know\
 with through the presentation like I said this could be the end of a one\
 call close if you what you sell is one call close it could\
 be the end of a two call close. It could be more of a B to be complex sound environment. It could be six months in. And let's see your presenting to the board and you're closing to the board in a board room. Okay. The last question I've been out after you bring up price and everything that you know the funding they'll need to put in so they can get to XYZ. You're simply going to ask is there anything you'd like to address to me at this point? Okay. And usually if that happens, you're going to bring up a concern. See how that works.\
 We're just barely getting started here. All right, clear the canvas. Okay, we're back. All right. Okay, let's see. Okay, we're good. Okay. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to give you a before we go through any other objections because we just kind of went through one right there just give you a little teaser. So I'm going to give you a three step formula to help in your prospects overcome their own concerns number one is clarifying.\
 Okay, number two is discussed. If I could spell that right, and number three is diffuse.\
 So write that down. Clareify, discuss, diffuse. Let's take a look.\
 Close to look at each of these steps. First, clarify.\
 First, we have to understand exactly what the prospects concern is.\
 And why they have the concern? Like what's actually behind it? Now most sales people just assume they know right and they go into objection handley mode and they never ask and then usually what happens? They lose a sale.\
 You've heard this concern before you've heard the same objection from other prospects so you start rattling off a rebel that you might have been taught.\
 I want you to stop doing that stop the manage. You might make a few sales doing that but you're losing a lot that our clients are actually making who's not going to be a good guy.\
 So let's find out what's behind the concern so we can help them resolve it. So let me give you some examples of this. These are NAPQ clarifying questions to ask and I'm going to give you a few of these on here. Okay for each of you watching me here on video you're going to have a man you with all of these in it so you can actually follow along while you go through these training videos. All right. So here's some NAPQ clarifying questions to find out what's behind the objection. When you say, you know, you're going to have a man you\
 We'll keep back what they said. What did you mean by that? Okay. So let me be\
 example. Okay, let's put it right here. When you say, repeat back what they said. Repeat back what they said. What did\
 I'm going to reveal what did you mean by that. All right, so you can also do it this way. Sally, when you say, if you back what they said, how did you mean by that? Sally, when you say, repeat back what they said, how did you mean by that? Or you can say it this way. Here's another one. I'm curious. Why\
 from. Can I ask where you've got that information? Here my tonality. Don't say, can I ask where you got that information from? Or can I ask where you got that information from? Don't be fast talk like a normal human. Can I ask where you got that information from or how did you arrive at thinking that way? How did you arrive at that? Or can you tell me more about that? They bring up an objection. Tell me more about that. Or you know, you're not going to be a person. And you're going to be a person. I'm just going to say\
 Why do you feel that way or can you tell me what you mean by that exactly? Can you tell me what you mean by that exactly?\
 When you say the peop back the concern, what's behind that? When you say it's too expensive.\
 What's behind that?\
 When you say it's too expensive, how did you mean by that?\
 Okay. Like him living in an example. Like if they say I just have concerns about what's in the contract,\
 let's say that's the concern.\
 Jeremy, I just have some concerns about what's in the contract. You would say, can I ask what's behind that just so I understand? Or I could say, how do you mean by concerns? Or can I ask what's behind that just so I understand? All right, see how that worked? All right.\
}