{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Okay, objection number 51. Can you just give this to me for free, and once I make money,\
 I'll pay you back. You ever got that one? Can you give this to me for free? And when I make money,\
 I will pay you back. Okay. Now this objection you will only get in certain industries. Okay? Like when I was in B2B sales like a sales in foreign industries, two B2C, two B2B and B2B. I never got this objection. And B2C, I actually got this objection a little bit here and there. So you have to be prepared what to do. Okay? So I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say,\
 So especially if you sell anything that's a service, a trained product that helps to prospect\
 make money, you will have people that say something crazy like this.\
 So in this example, let's say that you sell a trading software that trains people to be able\
 to trade so they can make more money.\
 Or it could be if you sell leads to people to help them make more sales.\
 Or if you sell really state education, how people make more money in real estate.\
 If you sell e-commerce or Amazon SB courses that teach you how to make money online.\
 this objection can come up, okay? Prospect. Yeah, I mean, this is so good, Jeremy, then why don't you guys just let me have the software for free? And then once I make money, I'll just pay you back with interest, like a smart outlet. You would say, "Jame, how can you understand? How would the owners be willing to give away something that gives clients?" Those type of skill level to become full-time trader.\
 They leave their jobs and make more money. Why would they ever give that someone to someone for free?\
 Prospect. Well, I'm not sure, but if it's that good, why not just give it away and then let us pay them back? You would ask. Can I make a suggestion, Jamie?\
 Lower your tone. They're going to say, "Sure, go ahead." Have you ever considered that that way of thinking?\
 where someone should just give you something extremely valuable, that helps you make that type of money for free, has kept you financially exactly where you're at in your life?\
 You say that with empathy.\
 Prospect, well I guess it could have, you would ask.\
 Yeah, because how could we force someone to follow what we teach them to do?\
 And then just hope and pray that they're even going to pay us back after they start making money.\
 A client could just go out, make a bunch of money for what we train them and never even pay us back and just download all the video training and just run off. There's no way we could force them legally to pay us back. They could just steal all the training and we could do nothing about it.\
 How are you going to overcome that way of thinking so you can move forward, learn how to trade and start making more money so you don't have to stay in your job forever if that's what they wanted to do.\
 That's what they wanted to do. Prospect. I know I need to do something different.\
 Will you tell me what happens if you don't though? If you just stay in the same job,\
 same income, the next 5, 10, 15 years. Like, what happens then?\
 Oh, oh, no. Yeah, that would not be good. So the question you have to ask, Jamie,\
 is it comes down to this? Is it more risky for you to get the funding to get\
 or to invest in the trading platform? You learn the right skills, starting\
 and you start making more money, or is it more risky for you to do nothing at all?\
 You just stay in the status quo forever.\
 Problems stay the same and nothing ever changes, which is more risky for you.\
 Always going to say, oh, it's more risky if I don't do anything.\
 All right, so time to make a change possible.\
 And then boom, ask a commitment question and close that deal.\
}