{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, let's go to number 11. I need to check my finances. How many of you get this? I know a lot of you get this because we hear about this all the time. People are asking how do I overcome this objection? All right. So number 11.\
 I need to check my finances. Okay? Now most of the time this is going to be an objection\
 you get if you sell B to C. You're not really going to have business owners. They would\
 word it differently. They wouldn't say like I need to check my finances. It would be a little\
 bit of a different wording that they would do. But you can use this with the same thing. Okay?\
 what they mean by saying, I need to check my finances. Does it mean they're saying they don't know if they have the funds? And you need to overcome that? Like the money, they don't have the money or budget objection? Or does it mean they're looking to see whether they're going to get the funds? And it's simply logistical. Could be one of those two. So the first thing we have to do is ask a clarifying question around to see what they mean by this. Prospect says, "This sounds really good. I just need to check my finances on this first."\
 How do you mean exactly by check your finances? Prospect. Well, I'm not sure if I should pull the funds from our 401 or I might use a credit card. I might even be able to pay half myself and then get a loan for that. I have to.\
 Okay, so you're seeing like where you're like you're trying to figure out where you're actually getting the funds from yeah, we have clients that do those options for sure\
 Most of our clients just use and then you go over which avenue you want them to use to make the sale the soonest and at the end of that you say would that help you?\
 Or here's the second version prospects says you know, I need to check my finances on this. How do you mean or what do you mean by check your finances?\
 Well, we're not sure if we have the budget for this right now. Okay. Now you know this is a money. They don't have the money ejection and you're gonna use how to overcome the we don't have the money concern that we went over earlier in this training. All right?\
}