{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Okay, objections. Okay, so we have objection prevention and we have objection handling. What's the difference? I think Tony was saying something.\
 I mean, one obviously is pre-emptive. Okay? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The other one is your capture time.\
 Exactly, right? Because remember, well, let's go here. There are only three places that they're in the whole conversation. They're either being disarmed and open or they're in the fight box or they're in the fight box.\
 there in the flight box. And sometimes it goes around in circles, especially when you're learning this. It's a constant thing to get them to stay over here. You want to be over here. Most of the time compared over here, especially at the end. Okay. So objection prevention. We really want, if we do this right, we can prevent probably 70. It depends on what you sell to. But I'd say we can probably prevent 70% of the objections you're getting now. Once we really learn like how to seed certain things, even say that,\
 Just little things like, let's say that we're able to come in, we're able to X, Y, Z, like, we do it the other clients.\
 Just like little things like that start preventing more objections and more concerns.\
 It just kind of keeps disarming, disarming, disarming.\
 All right?\
 Now, there's going to be sometimes where we need to learn how to handle some objections.\
 Okay?\
 Once you tell the story you were just talking to me and T.C. about what you had just learned\
 on one of the training calls with that I want to think it over objection compared to what you used to do and what I showed you had to do and like counter how I responded that. Go ahead.\
 >> Yes, so I think about the difference. I get a little bit of advice here\
 What is that trigger?\
 Does that disarm them?\
 Yeah.\
 No.\
 That would put them either in this mode or this mode.\
 Because we're like, "Pushing, what do you think about?"\
 I thought you said you wanted to change.\
 Like, why do you need to think about changing?\
 See, I'm like arguing, which triggers these two boxes.\
 And then you go around in circles and you have to loop them and reframe them and then loop and reframe and you know tie the knot over here like what do you do all that?\
 Like it's just you're just making it harder than it has to be okay. It's keep going.\
 >> I'm a year old.\
 Does he think he need just to see if I be available for him so we can get a good time for him on getting back to me the next day or two to see if I'd be available for you.\
 We'll talk about why we do that in a second. So we scheduled a Friday call and be got around the calendar. So the reason why we did that which was important was we had the commitment for the time. And it was him and his partner on the call and I'll say okay, no worries.\
 and now before I go, implying that I might believe, like you won no issue before I go, what\
 was it that you wanted to think about? I can make sure I have any answers for you. Any questions\
 that you may have when we talk on Friday? And that disarmed him. What was it that you were\
 wanting to go over a better way to do it? And you're probably dead this way. Now before I go, what\
 in your mind just so I know what questions you might have when we talk on Friday. Yeah. Now, why would we say before I go? What does that do? Why does that disarm him? He's off the hook. Yeah. Another way you could do it. I wouldn't suggest it yet. I don't know if you're ready. But I might say now before I go, just off the record. What were you wanting to go over in your mind?\
 - Yeah.\
 - Just so I know what questions you might have\
 when we talk again on Friday.\
 - Say a little spin? - Yeah.\
 - Okay.\
 - Not ready for that yet, maybe down the road.\
 Okay.\
 Those snacks, I can't give you all my secrets.\
 I'm just a neighborhood of those all of those tricks.\
 Well, maybe eventually.\
 Okay, so, and how did you react to that?\
 - He literally just stopped, and he started talking,\
 what do I wanna go\
 I was going to tell you\
 of whom you've been left and they've thought of talking about what their concerns were with each other. They got over it. So when I came back, he resolved his own concerns and we did the deal right there. Yeah, and sometimes that'll work. Sometimes it won't the way you did it. But when we say, OK, so yeah, let's, let's actually just roleplay this. Well, somebody be my prospect real quick. Chris, be my prospect. OK, so just say, um, I'm going to say,\
 What do you guys want me to sell? Quickly, what should I sell? No, no, no, no, no, no. Okay, something that you guys are in here selling. It does you know good if I teach you how to do what to do for insurance none of your insurance sales. Huh? Do you guys sell some of that? Oh, okay, so let's say you're a business owner and you're like, yeah, I really need this sounds really good, but I just I need to\
 I'm 100% in. I just really need to think about it. Right? You ever hear that? Yeah, I really need to think about this. Don't get me wrong. I got my 100% in. I love Brandon, like 100% in, but I just I need some time to really think about it. Go ahead. Yeah, so like everything sounds good. Jeremy, I mean, make everything you coverage pretty awesome. Well, we're not that cool. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I just need to go take 24 hours to think about it. I mean, I mean, I mean,\
 >> Like if that works as you. Can I contact you with email? Well, I guess, I don't know. What are we going to do with you? Yeah, I mean, it's not a problem. I guess what's your time frame on getting back to me the next day or two just to see if I'd be available for you. Stop. Yeah, I could stop. What did I do there? What's your time frame on getting back to me the next day or two just to see if I'd be available for you? Give him the microphone.\
 >> I have a question because he said I need 24 hours to think about it. Are you still going to ask what is your time frame in the next day or two?\
 >> Two. He's best to find 24. >> Doesn't matter. >> Okay. >> There's two things I did there for two reasons.\
 I'm busy. I've got lots of clients. I don't really need you. I'm not saying that, but I'm\
 implying that. Yeah, that's not a problem. I guess what's your time for him on getting back to me the next day or two just to see if I'd be available for you. So we're to got that. What was the second thing I did there? Oh, yes. So putting yourself as the authority. So you're controlling the time and then also disarming by allowing him to feel like he's got. Yeah, I just agreed. He can\
 Because if I'm like, well, but what do you need to go over?\
 - It's like leaning into that objection,\
 where people would expect the salesperson to fight back.\
 They're waiting for you to fight back.\
 So when you come to the office, they're waiting.\
 - They're like, oh, this guy's on my team.\
 - Yeah, I'm on your team.\
 I just agree.\
 I'm like, yeah, let's not a problem.\
 What's your time frame on getting back to me\
 the next day or two just to see if I'd be available. Now why wouldn't I say what's your time for your money back to me? Just to see if I'd be available. What if he comes back and says two weeks? Is that going to happen? More than likely not. Now depends on the size of the company. Sometimes it's a massive company a week out. It's not a problem because they're going to show up. Okay, but let's say if it's a smaller business owner they get busy. Things are going on. The long time. And then. And then. And then\
 I can't get it out. I can't get it out. The less likely they are to come back if I need that that appointment is my insurance policy in case I can't help them overcome the concern here at least I have something set up as my backup plan that's why I do that that's why I don't try to that's why don't go right into like there that's not a problem\
 What are you wanting to go over in your mind before I leave? I don't do that yet. See it has to be structured the right way to get the maximum impact. I need an insurance policy in case I can't help them over comment so I still got this here. Okay, and I want him to feel like I'm leaving. That's the main thing right. I'm you're good. You got me I'm gone. That's what I wanted to feel like. I want him to be disarmed. Okay, yeah, that's not a problem. Just go with me. That's not a problem\
 I guess what's your timeframe?\
 Now, let me give you a new one.\
 Say, well, I don't know.\
 I just kind of have to get back to you\
 maybe later in the week.\
 I'm just going to throw you get some curveballs,\
 'cause this could happen.\
 So I'm just going to show you what to do.\
 (audience member speaking)\
 That's fine.\
 I'm going to give you two curveballs,\
 and then we need to get set up,\
 'cause we\
 up here. Okay, so in this curve ball, I want you to say, I'm going to say what's your time for coming back to me in the next year too to see if I'd be like, "Ah man, I don't know. I get's best if I may be just call you back maybe in a week or so." Say that. Yeah, then I mean, that's a possibility, but for me it probably better off-game contact with you like a week. That works to see. Well, I don't, I'm not sure if I'd be like, and I'd have\
 just because I have so many clients and stuff. I guess specifically if you have your calendar handy, I can pull up mine and have you book a specific time with me in the next day or two maybe even three that way you don't have to chase me down and vice versa. Would that help you? Yeah, yeah, that works. I like how the world is. Okay, stop. What did you do? He said, yeah, I said, you know, I'm just going to have to get back to you like a week or so. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that.\
 So I'm just kind of, I'm just kind of all over the place right now. If you say, okay, you're never going to hear back from that guy. So if I say, well, yeah, it's kind of hard to randomly get me like that just with my calendar and client appointments and stuff that I have, I tell you what though, if this helps you, if you have your calendar handy, I can pull up mine. That way you can book a specific time with me that way you don't have to chase me down.\
 on a vice versa. Would that be more appropriate? Yeah, it makes it a little more\
 deep down. Yeah, I'm leaving. So we're booking an appointment, but at least now I have like a solid time. If I don't have a time that deal. How many? How many times has somebody said that to you guys? And you didn't book a solid time. Did that deal ever go through? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah\
 get like a solid time as your insurance policy. So okay so we're on for this Wednesday at 2. Okay, Bobo, Bobo, now hey before I go, what are you wanting to go over in your mind? Just so I know what questions you have for me when we talk on Friday. Yeah, I mean really what's on my mind is mostly just like a finance part. What do you mean? Yeah, I mean it's quite expensive. Like I said. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I\
 Okay, now where do I have him? Where's the act? I got him back on the what? The yellow brick road. Where do they just do? I got him right back on where I want him. See, I got him right back on the yellow brick road. Okay.\
 One thing he did, Jeremy that I thought was really interesting that I kind of picked up on is, it's a subtle sort of push pull energy when he gives you the objection of like, oh yeah, in a week or two we can talk.\
 the you push him away by saying, my calendar and everything that's not really something I could potentially do. What did I just do? I have to be on at least his same status. Yeah, if I go below his status. So you pushed him away. Oh, yeah, I can help you. Can I call you maybe Saturday like. Blow his status. Okay, you're right. I have to stay on his status. So if he says he's busy and not time. I say. I say. I say. I say. I say. I say. I say. I say. I say.\
 I'm busy too, man. I don't say it like that. I'm too busy because that's\
 computational. But if I'm like, well yeah it probably be hard to like randomly try to get a hold of me like that with my schedule with clients and everything. What it can do though if it helps you is if you have your calendar handy I can pull up mine and have you book a specific time with me that we don't have to chase me down a vice versa. Would that be more appropriate? That way you don't have to what?\
 Chase me down. What did I just shift there? I'm shifting the dynamic. I'm not chasing you. That way you don't have to chase me down. See the difference in that? So let's say that you're in the dating ball game. I just want you to think of human behavior of 101. So you're in the dating ball game and you really like a certain person and you're\
 at some event and you go up to them and you start talking to them and you start chasing them. What do they typically do that? They run the other way. It's just human behavior. But if you act like you're not so interested, maybe, but it's more like a mystery if the person's interested or not, what do you typically do back? You start to lean in because it's like you're not quite sure if they like it. And you're not going to be able to do it. And you're not going to do it. And you're not going to do it. And you're\
 you are not. But the moment you feel that they really want you and like you, especially early on, when there's no trust and you don't know them all enough is the moment you do what? You start to go the other way, right? Just it's human behavior. Has anybody ever seen that in your dynamics? Like before you're married, if you're married, you would have saw that.\
 I saw both of the way here, it was like that first we came out from the best of you. Yeah, no 100%. Yeah. So like if you if you like somebody it's almost like you're you're not acting you're just kind of neutral.\
 It's like a mystery. They're not quite sure what to expect in that what that's what makes you more intriguing because they don't know what's going on.\
 So you become more interested in their mind. So it's the same thing in sales. So what I did is there's a couple things in there. What's your time for on the end of you?\
 Just so I see if I'll be available for you.\
 That position's me as more of an expert authority.\
 And then like the randomly calling that position's me again to the same status or above.\
 And then again when I say that way you don't have to chase me down and vice versa. That position's me again is even maybe more higher status where he's like wow\
 like they don't need me, like maybe I need them. It triggers that. And then when I come back and say, "Now, before I go, I guess what was it that you were wanting to go over in your mind?" Just so I know what questions you might have when we talk on Friday. Now I want to say, "What do you want to think over in your mind?" What was it that you're wanting to go over in your mind? That's the same thing as what you want to think over. But see how I'm neutralizing that word. I don't sound like every time.\
 everybody else saying that. That way I know what questions you might have when we talk on Friday. Once again, he thinks like, oh, yeah, I can tell him because we're not going to talk till Friday. So I can be more open. So I just disarmed him again. Okay. That way he feels more comfortable. Like, well, because he's going to tell me more of the truth because he feels like we're going to talk about that on Friday. So he's more. He can tell me what's going to happen. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you.\
 And he said, well, I'm kind of concerned about the financing.\
 See, he just told me what is concerned.\
 At least one of his concerns.\
 Maybe he has more than that.\
 But now I've got him back here.\
 I've immediately got him back on the path I want to take him.\
 And now I know, and then I say, what do you mean by the financing?\
 And he's like, well, I'm not sure we have the money for it.\
 And now money obection.\
 That's what\
 Questions on that?\
}