{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  So objection number 37, I'm worried this might not work out. The sounds really, really good, Rachel, but I'm just bored.\
 that this might not work out. Let's see what prospects says that you would say this. Well,\
 what would prevent it from working out if it's working for all of our clients, though?\
 And notice how I'm seeding that it's working for all of our other clients, which shows stability,\
 and shows you get results for your clients. Prospects says, "Well, I'm worried that XYZ might not\
 work for and now they're going to tell you what they feel wouldn't work, which would be\
 could be a multitude of different things depending on your product or service and what you actually\
 sell. And this example that says you sell a training program that teaches people how to start an\
 e-commerce business where they can make more money and have more time. Okay, I'm just going to give\
 you a random industry specific example so you can see the structure. Prospect says, you know,\
 I'm really worried this might not work out. You say, what would prevent it from\
 working for all of our other clients. So, process. Well, I've\
 bought something like this a few years ago and they made all these promises, but they never came through the end and I just lost a bunch of money, Jane. You say, "Oh, that's no bueno. What type of training program did you actually go through?" Prospect. Well, is the ABC program with Tom Jones Smith? You say, "Okay, I've heard of that. I think I've seen some of their advertisements on Facebook. I think that's all some\
 testimonials too, were there other people having success using that training program?\
 Prospect, well I think I read a lot of testimonials when I was first looking at it, you say,\
 so if others were having success, I mean what do you think held you back from\
 having the same results as they were? Prospect says, well I know others were doing well with it,\
 but I just didn't feel like when I had questions I could get a hold of someone who could help me in at the same time,\
 You know, I just had our second child and life just got really, really busy. You say, oh, so they weren't really giving you the hands on help. So the hands on help is is important to you then.\
 Probably like, oh, yeah, for sure. Now, hold on. You know, some mentioned at the same time you had your second child and life got too busy. So why look at changing your situation now? Because I'm assuming you're still busy. So why? Why now? Rather than just pushing this down there.\
 road like unsuccessful people would.\
 Prosthroed all no no no we've got to do something else gotten to that point.\
 Did you see what I did? Okay, but why look at doing this now? Because I'm assuming you're still pretty busy. I mean why not just push us down the road like unsuccessful people would.\
 When you say that nobody wants to be like all those unsuccessful people right? And they're going to defend themselves on why they have to do it.\
 Now, that creates urgency for them to do this now, not later, and it helps them resolve the concern of maybe with some of their responsibility because they didn't put in the time in the last program and now is the right time for them by the questions I asked. And you see how that work you're working. You make a lot of money using that. Now that's just a random industry specific example. If you sold like supplies to like a furniture store,\
 probably a little bit different than that. We don't have time to go through a hundred thousand different examples from a million different industries.\
}