{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, let's go over objection number 16. This is just two expensive for us right now. Now earlier, I think objection number two or something. I kind of went over this, but I'm going to give you a different twist this time. Because there's some differences that can happen. And I want you to show you the difference because this could happen quite a bit. I guess that this objection is very similar to we don't have the money budget objection. The difference is we need to clarify what they mean by it's too expensive, which I showed you how to do earlier. I'm going to show you\
 to do it again, but I'm going to show you if they say something different, how to respond to that. So let's take a look at that. Prospect says, you know, this is just too expensive for our company. How do you mean by it's to expend, you say, how do you mean by it's too expensive or in what way? You can say in what way. Now the prospects says, well, another company I'm looking at is 10% cheaper for the exact same product. Then you say, hold on, when you say the same product, what do you mean exactly just like\
 or stand. Prospect says, well, I mean, it's very similar to what you guys have. Then you say, well, I mean, you're familiar with the major difference between our XYZ product compared to the ABC product you're referring to. Prospect says, well, not really. Well, I mean, it just depends on what you're looking for. I mean, is the most important thing to you cost or how does that compare to you actually get in results and being able to solve the problem though. Prospect says, well, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I\
 Yeah, we won't result for sure. We were just wondering about the difference. Then you say, well, from what our clients tell us the differences are and you go through those differences. And then at the end of that, you say, and you tell me, I mean, which is more risky for your company. Is it more risky to get the 10% extra funds together to solve the problem?\
 permanently and get where you guys want to be or is it more risky to go the cheap route? The problem might not get solved. You guys stay in the status quo in the situation gets even worse like which is more risky. See that works.\
}