{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, objection number five. Can you just send me references? I need to speak. This sounds good. I just need to speak to some of your clients.\
 Is can you just send me some references? You send in the references. Gasp. And then you never hear back from them. Why? Here's what you need to understand the background. If a prospect asks for references, 99% of the time, it's because they have a concern. They don't trust it. You can get them the results. They said they want it because you don't.\
 don't know the right questions to ask that triggers that certainly in their mind, where the view is the expert, and that's exactly why they're asking for references because they're uncertain.\
 Now that being said, references from satisfied cussers community, great tool to help a prospect move forward with your solution.\
 However, it can also be a way for the prospect to try to get rid of you, the sales person.\
 You have to ask qualifying questions to really find out if your prospect is serious about changing their situation.\
 They have a concern or they're just wasting your time. Here are some examples of questions to ask.\
 If at the end they say, "Can you just send me some references?"\
 Prospects says this, "Oh, you know James, this sounds really good, but can you just send me some references from other clients you have?"\
 You say this. Here, that's not a problem.\
 I'm curious, what would you like to ask them when you call? Let me write that down. What? Wood? You, like, to ask them, when you call. Okay. Let's talk about that per second. Now, here's another way you can ask it. Okay. Yeah. Can you just send me some references, James? Yeah. That's not a problem.\
 So just like and send the right people to you, what specifically would you like to discuss with them?\
 So you need to ask this, what would you like to ask them when you call or you can say, okay,\
 well, just like and send the right people to you, what specifically would you like to discuss with them?\
 The prospects are going to go, well, I want to find out from them about X and Y and Z.\
 They're going to tell you probably what can turn now.\
 I'm not sure if it's going to do this.\
 They're going to ask, okay? That's what you want them to say. Well, I want to find out about Bobo, Bobo, Bobo, Bobo, Bobo, and that tells you that what the real concern is. Then you can say this. Okay, that makes sense. Now, when do you plan on calling them? So I can let them notice if they're going to be available for you. Prospect says, well, I probably just call them tomorrow afternoon of that works. Then you say, okay, I can, what I can do, John, as I can reach out\
 for a moment that the client you talked to say good things about how we're able to solve the same type of problems that your companies have. At that point, where do you think we should go from there? At that point, where do you think we should go from there? Let me give you warning. If you simply agree to send a prospect references with that a commitment to know what the next step is after they talked to them, you will more than likely never hear from that prospect again.\
}