{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Art Objection number 47, I need to talk to my mom, my brother, my CPA, my cousin, my uncle, who lives in a band down by the river. Okay, and all seriousness, you know what I mean, okay? You will have some people that literally will say things like this, especially if you sell business to consumer. And that environment.\
 Sometimes people will literally give you this objection. I kid you not. Now the key here is understanding that this is a triggered reaction from something you said or did not ask that cause them to have uncertainty or fear that it's not going to work out for them or they're worried they don't have the money for it. So they're seeking validation from another source on what they should do.\
 And realistically, you think they're really gonna even talk to those people most of the time not. They're just giving it as excuse. Prospect says, you know, I really like this James, but I think I need to talk to my mom and really see what she thinks or I really like this, but I need to talk to my financial advisor and see what she thinks I should do it. Now, this example, let's see yourself solar, which lowers people's power bills. And after 25 years, they don't even have to do it. And they're just going to do it. And they're just\
 pain anymore. It's like owning your own home and getting the loan paid off in 25 years compared to renting your home for the next 20 30 40 50 70 years and paying rent forever. Okay, you say this when they say that to you. Yeah, that's not a problem. How does your mom feel about you putting solar in? So that you can save money in your utilities every month and eventually not even have a building one.\
 See how I'm tying in them, purchasing what I'm offering with what the prospect wants, which is to save money on their bill, and eventually not have a bill anymore. Prospect is going to say, "Well, I think she would want me to do it." I mean, so obviously they're not going to say, "No, she wouldn't want me to save any money." And then you would say, "But okay, but what happens if you go to her?" And she doesn't want you to put solar in, and you're electressing bill keeps going up five, six, seven percent every\
 the last 10 years and you end up having to pay that the rest of your life like what happens in?\
 Prospect, well, I just really value her opinion. You would ask. So does she have\
 solar installed in her own home? Prospect, no, no, she doesn't at all. Okay.\
 Does your mom want to keep having to pay her utility bills? They keep going up\
 5 and 6% every single year. Does she want to have to keep paying those for the next\
 30 or 40 years too.\
 Probably said, well, of course not.\
 I mean, she wouldn't want to keep paying higher bills.\
 You would say, so if she doesn't want to keep paying her higher utility bills,\
 why would she want her own daughter to have to keep paying them herself?\
 Prospect.\
 Yeah, that makes sense.\
 I don't see why she would want me to have to keep paying those forever.\
 You would ask.\
 If you like this, could be the answer for you then and you ask a commitment. So you just help turn a few that objection, then you simply ask a commitment, question, aka closing question and you wrap the sale off. Now for different industries, there's going to be smaller tweaks on that. I just wanted to give you an industry specific example so you could see the formula.\
}