{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, so objection number nine, how do you respond at the beginning of a conversation, or even saying the middle? Like, hey, I'm, let's see, you get halfway through the first discovery call. You don't even really know all their problems and like, hey, I've got to go. I've got another thing I've got to do. Can you just send me over proposal? Don't fall for that. Do not fall for that, okay? Can you just, and yes, I'm spelling you. I'm just a abbreviate. Don't get mad, spelling not. Just a\
 Can you just send me a proposal? And just as a side note, we go over this another training. You never want an email proposal.\
 And you without actually being on zoom or on person or on the phone going over with them. You don't just want to email proposal.\
 Because then they go through it. You're not there to answer any concerns.\
 You're just hoping and praying that they're going to like it. You don't want to be like that.\
 So never give a prospect of proposal without first understanding what their problems are.\
 And if they have the funding, the budget, the money to actually solve the problem,\
 and get where they want to go. Does that make sense? So never, ever do that.\
 You should live by this or no exceptions to the rule.\
 Even if you ever prospect this says, can you just send me over proposal with your price in it?\
 Early on in the call, you can never fall prey to this with a prospect.\
 If a prospect asks for proposal out, before you discover what their situation is, you simply will say this.\
 Yeah, I mean, I'd be open to putting together proposals for you, but just so you're aware,\
 I'm not quite sure we could even help you yet.\
 Would it make sense to ask a few questions around your XYZ, so we could put together\
 something for you that might be more useful? Would that help you?\
 Every prospect is going to say, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, they're not going to say, nope, it would not be helpful if you knew anything about my situation. If they do, they're not a willing prospect. You just get rid of them. But 99% of like, oh yeah, that makes sense. And then boom, you're going to start out by asking your first situation question. Okay.\
}