{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Objection number 31, I don't need the product or service.\
 I don't need this, I don't need the product.\
 How many of you get that objection?\
 Now once again, the first thing we have to focus on,\
 I sound like a robot is disarming the prospect\
 to get them to open up and engage with us\
 rather than trying to shut us down and try to get rid of us.\
 We have to do that.\
 This type of objection would usually happen\
 towards the beginning of the\
 really need this right now we already have XYZ. You say, yeah that's not a problem and\
 Frank, just so you're aware. I'm not quite sure we could even help you yet. We'd\
 have to understand a bit more about what you have in place for A, B and C now,\
 just to see if we can actually help. Now if we can't, we can just in the in the conversation,\
 we can in the call, or we could even recommend someone out,\
 who might be able to help you more. Are you with me on that? And you asked that\
 checking for agreement question right there. Prosperists, you know, okay, that makes sense. And then you say,\
 "I guess we need to know or understand more about what you have for and you go right into your first situation. So it's all about disarming the prospect on that one. If you do that, watch how your prospects open up and they're gonna say, "Okay, yeah, go ahead. What are you got? Or that makes sense? Or what question do you\
 almost every single time. I made a lot of money. The salespeople we train, we teach that make a lot of money. The companies we train make hundreds of millions of dollars from that one. I will tell you.\
}