{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Let's go, projection number 20. I don't know what I need to improve. Now, this objection you might get if you saw B to B or some B to C sales such as high ticket sales. And let's say you asked them a problem where in this question, around what they're looking to change or improve about what they're currently have. And they seem unsure like what do you do then? Prospects says, yeah, I don't really know what I need to improve on it. You say, well, if you really thought about it, what do you feel like?\
 like it would be. I'm going to repeat that. Well, if you really thought about it, what do you think it would be?\
 The simple question forces their brain to think deeper about the question you're just asked.\
 Notice how I asked, what do you feel like it would be, rather than what you think it would be?\
 And why would it make that shift? Because feel brings out the person's what emotions. If I\
 I ask think that gets into think logically. As we already know from behavioral science, human beings make blind decisions emotionally, a hundred percent of the time.\
 So if you ever get that objection, that's all you got to do to resolve it.\
}