{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, let's go over objection number 41, removing right along here. We are still, hey, this sounds really, really good. She care, but we're still price shopping. Still price shopping. You say, how do you need my price shopping? Prospect. Well, we're just looking for the best price with the budget we have. You say, so is the price the most important thing to you?\
 or actually get in results and solving the two problems you mentioned.\
 Process is what do you mean by that?\
 Now in this example, let's say you sell commercial windows.\
 To businesses, okay?\
 Well, I'm asking because we could always lower the price,\
 that it actually depends on the results,\
 your company wants to get.\
 I mean, are you looking for like the cheapest windows\
 that would probably have to be replaced every five to seven years\
 or so, and your utility bill would be about the same,\
 because the cold air would still be coming into the warehouse,\
 or are you looking for more of a mid-range window\
 that's gonna last maybe 12 to 15 years,\
 your tilability will probably go down around 20%\
 or are you looking for the top of the line window\
 that's gonna last 20 to 25 years,\
 and your tilty bills could go down 30 to 40% amount.\
 I mean, which is actually cheaper\
 once you break it down longer.\
 See, that's an example how you resolve that.\
 Now, in other industries, it'd be a little bit of a tweak that, but we don't have time to go through 150 different industries. Okay?\
}