{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, objection number 13. I don't know if I have the time for this, all right? How many of you get this objection now? Sometimes this in objection that you're only going to get in certain industries, you know, obviously.\
 The thing that I said, if you sold cars, you're not really going to get an objection, like, I don't know if I have time to drive a car. What make me sense? So there's certain objections you're going to get for industries and some that you want. So this is objection number 13. I don't know if I have the time. Don't know. Or they say I just don't have time for this.\
 So you get to the end of the presentation, the conversation and say, I really like this, but I just don't have time.\
 Here we have a scenario where you're selling a product or service that requires time for the end user to go through. Maybe it's your training program.\
 Maybe it's a software they have to install and learn how to operate.\
 Depending on your industry, this objection could mean very different. Thanks.\
 The first thing we have to do, just like any concern we get, is we have to clarify what the concern actually means and what's behind the concern\
 So real estate education training, the teachers, people how to invest and become a full time investor in real estate. Prospect says, you know, really like this, but I just don't have time to go through and learn how to do that. Hold on, how do you, how do you mean you don't have the time. Prospect. Well, I'm just too busy with my job right now. We just knew how we had a new baby a few months ago. I just, I wouldn't have the time to do it. You would say how much time do you feel like you would need to put\
 this to start buying and flipping homes up. Prospect, well, I don't know. I thought I'd need at least 15 or 20 hours a week or so starting out. Then you say, well, I mean, I guess you could do that. I mean, I would say average client is maybe doing an hour a day because they're at a full time job, just like you. I mean, it just depends on how many homes you want to purchase and how much money you want to make. I mean, you feel like you can put in five or six hours a week.\
 you can learn the skills to become a full time investor and get out of your job. Would that help you? Yeah,\
 Proceeds is yeah, that's not bad at all. Now sometimes by just asking a simple clarifying question,\
 you found out that the version of I don't have a time for this is much different than the time they need to put in.\
 They thought they did it for 20 hours a week in it. You know that they only need to put in five.\
 So let's say in the same example when you ask if they could put an x, y\
 Let me give you a different example. Yeah, I don't know. I'm just so busy with my kids soccer, my job. I don't even think I could even do that. So let's say they come back and they still even if you even if you suggest it's going to take way less than they thought they said I just don't even have that time. So you simply say this. So help me understand without dedicating the time to learn the right skills to be able to make money and real estate.\
 What would you ever be able to leave your job become a full-time investor so you actually have more time with your kids?\
 And you repeat back then, results they said they won it. In this example, let's say they wanted to leave their job to have more time with their children.\
 Okay? The how are you going to question, get some to say in their mind that they will never be able to have what they want unless they change your situation.\
 Prospect comes back and says, "Yeah, I'm not sure what I should do here."\
 Well, I mean you tell me which is more risky for you getting the funds together and getting into the training and dedicating that times you learn the right skills to be able to become a full time investor to have time with your kids or is it more risky for you to do nothing at all?\
 The problem stays the same nothing ever changes and you end up missing out on your kids life like you said because you're at work all the time.\
 I mean, which is more risky, and they're going to say, that's right. Okay? That's an easy one to overcome.\
}