{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Okay, let's go to objection number eight. You call the prospect and right away, knee jerk reaction, they say, hey, thanks for the call. I'm just too busy right now. Can you call me back later? Okay. Never fall for this. I'm going to say, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay\
 subjection. Okay. Don't do this like most says people, "Oh okay, when can I call you back?" Oh, nine\
 PIM on Saturday night? Okay, I'll call you. You wait around to Saturday night, which is crazy. You call,\
 and magically they don't answer. You leave a voicemail and text and they never respond. Oh no, I thought they were\
 interested. Never do that. Let me show you how to do it. Prospect says, "Hey, I'm busy. Can you call me back?\
 I'm just really busy right now. You say, yeah, that's not a problem. What I can do if it helps you is give you my number and you'll have to call me back. Maybe a little bit later today to see if I'd be available for you. Would that help you?\
 like, uh, sure, because it's a total refrain. They're going to be like, uh, sure, like, just through them off, because they're used to most of them. So we were saying, yeah, when can they call you back? Okay. Here's my number. It's 5.7.3. 5555. 6545. Now, what's your time frame on getting back to me later today? Just to see if I'd even be available for you. So what's your time frame on getting back to me today? Just to see if I'll even be available for you\
 is a very powerful question that helps position you as a trusted authority as the expert.\
 It's a status frame.\
 It makes you appear that you are busy with other clients.\
 You're not needed.\
 You don't need them.\
 In fact, you're doing the MFAI over by calling back, as they have problems, and your solution will solve those for them.\
 When you have that same status frame as them, where they start to view you as an expert, where they view you as an\
 but whose time is valuable.\
 Rather than how they view all the other sales people that are at their wimp and call,\
 as just in their salesperson trying to sell them something,\
 they will completely shift. Okay, in start to view you much different.\
 Prospect says, "I can get back to you sometime later in the week, probably.\
 You can't take that as their word. They're not going to call you back later in the week." See to this.\
 Well, possibly. It might be harder to randomly get a hold of me with my\
 schedule. What I can do if you have your calendar handy is I can pull out mine so that you can book a specific time with me. That way you don't have to chase me down and vice versa. Would that be appropriate? Now that is called a counter commitment in positions you as the authority. The expert attested one whose time is valuable. Rather than just another salesperson they can shrug off at any time. Now if they don't call back at the schedule time. You just wait two or three minutes after let's say they're going to call back later.\
 at 4 and it's 10 in the morning. You don't call right at 4 but you wait two or three minutes after 4 whenever.\
 So it doesn't look like you're just waiting by the phone for them to call you and then you call them back. Hey, hey, yeah, Sandra. It's just Jeremy getting back to you. I'm just a little bit behind schedule. Let's see how that works. Easy step.\
}