{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Objection number 49. I just had this fear that it's not going to work out for me. I have fear that this is not going to work out for me.\
 Now, I gave you a little kind of a tweak of this, maybe 20 objections ago, but there's going to be different circumstances. I wanted to give you a little bit different ways.\
 So, in many industries, you will actually get this objection quite a bit, both B to B sales and B to C. I sold in four different industries. Two B to C. Two B to B. I got this objection and all four of those.\
 not a ton, but it does happen. So I want you to be prepared when it does happen. Remember, all\
 selling is change. It's about how good you are at getting your prospects to view in their mind,\
 that by changing their situation, that means purchasing or solution. So they can solve their problems\
 and get what they want is far less risky for them than then doing nothing at all, the problem\
 stay the same and nothing ever changes. So whether they want something better or they're trying to get away from pain,\
 it's all about change. Now let me suggest something to you. Here is your problem though. Human beings do not\
 like change even though they say video. So Salinas all about change but human beings don't like change.\
 And why? Because it makes us feel uncomfortable especially when it's initiated by pushy sales people\
 who are ready to pitch their products or services with the first few seconds of meaning and prospect.\
 Human behavior shows that we value something that's consistent and something that is familiar,\
 even if we don't like it, over something that is more new to us or foreign to us.\
 Think like the battered spous syndrome. Keep getting physically or verbally abused, but they keep coming back,\
 because they're so used to it, that it seems more comfortable than actually the unknown of leaving that relationship. Do you see where I'm at? So it's your job as a sales professional and helped them overcome their fear. So they can move forward, solve their problems and get what they want. Now, in this example, I'm going to give you an industry specific example in the B2B sales world. So you can see how this works. In this example, let's say that you are a sales person. And you can see that you're a sales person. And you can see that you're a sales\
 And you're taking inbound calls from companies who are looking to reserve tons of rooms for bankwits they have or events that they have. And they're wanting to run out, you know, 30, 40, 50, 150 rooms. And you can make a good commission on that. So let's say that you're in hotel sales if you want to call it that.\
 aspects, I just have this fear that this just won't work out for us. You want to save this way. What do you mean you fear it won't work out?\
 Clare fine question. Prospect, well in the past with the resource we've used, we've really had problems with check-ins in our dinner service.\
 You would ask, how do you mean by that exactly? Prospect, so you're still clarifying. Prospect. Well, it's really just the time. I cannot fly all of our employees in between two thirty and five pin per year.\
 check in so they can be ready for the welcome\
 reception by 630 p.m. We really have to have some rooms ready by noon or one p.m. for that to work and the employees get upset when they get to check in the check in counter and the rooms are not ready. You would ask can you tell me how this affects you when this happens? See that clarifying question you want them to reveal more pain. Cross it. Well everyone starts calling me then my boss jumps on me. I mean it happened a few months ago. I thought I was going to go.\
 lose my job, then you would ask, how do that make you feel when that happened? Oh my gosh,\
 devastated to save the leaves. I've got a family to take care of so I can not lose my job.\
 Then you would ask, so this is important for you to get it right then. That's a\
 probing statement in a P.C. probing statement. Okay, prospect, oh you have no idea. You\
 would ask. Now you would also mention you were concerned about the dinner service. Can you tell me more about that?\
 See, we're going right back into that. She had that concern too. We're going right back into a prospect. Yeah, thanks for for asking me. We usually have over 500 people the welcome reception. And usually the last eight to 10 tables get served cold food and it causes those tables to really get pissed off. You would say, does it have an impact on you when that happens though? Oh my gosh, it does. I then have to go into crisis mode. I have to help calm them down. I should be directing my attention to the after dinner events going.\
 on. The new it asks, "Okay, that makes sense. Tell me what other points\
 of concern do you possibly have?" Prospect. I don't really have an\
 other concerns. We just need to make sure it's well planned out and then extremely executed like to the T. The new would say, "Okay, what I can do is I can show you how our hotel operations can be tailored to your schedule if you like." Well, that possibly takes some of the pressure off of you. Prospect. Wow. It sure would. When can we do that?\
 just like that, poof, the fear, the objection is gone and the sale is made. Too easy. Do that. You'll make a lot of money.\
}