{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Let's go to objection number 12.\
 I'm going to trying to do this myself.\
 objection number 12, I'm going to try and do this myself.\
 Let's go and erase this.\
 So objection number 12, I'm going to try and do this myself.\
 myself. Now this objection can actually come up in both B to C or B to B. If it's B to B, it's going to be\
 worded a little bit different. They might say, well, we've got an internal apartment. We're going to\
 try to figure this out on our own. If it's a B to C, a lot of times people will say, well, I'm just\
 going to try to do this on my own. Now the issue here is what did we say and not ask in that discovery\
 part of the sales conversations or conversation that caused\
 out on your own that your solution does. How would they be able to do that on their own? Because as we all know, they wouldn't have a clue how to do everything your solution provides other ways they would have already been doing it. So if they go out of the loan, what are the actual consequences for them?\
 plus money, plus time, frustration, more stress, and they stay in the status quo, and nothing ever changes for them. So what we need to do on our end is go over three or four things that are very technical or time consuming that they would agree in their minds. They would have no idea how to do or have the time to do. Once they say that to themselves, they will realize they never will be able to solve their problems and get where they want to go, trying to do it on their own. Now, just want to give you a warning here. Obviously, you're not going to get a\
 get this injection if you sold life insurance. Right? What make any sense? This is only for certain products and services and industries this objection. So let me give you an example of this. Prospect says, you know, this is really good, but I think I'm just going to try and do this on my own and see how it works. Then you're going to say, well, I guess you could. I mean, do you feel like you know how to x, y, z and ABC and then be able to know how to do dy, z so that you can repeat back what they said they want\
 Let me give you an industry specific example, so you can see how this will look in a structure.\
 Once again, time what you sell to this framework if you get this objection.\
 Now in this example, let's say you sell consulting and training for people who want to start their own e-commerce business.\
 Your company teaches them how to start and scale and e-commerce so they can make more money and have more time their families by having their own business.\
 Okay?\
 That's what Spik says\
 convert. You feel like you know how to determine which audiences in your Facebook ads will work.\
 So you start your look like audiences and then you know how to scale from those.\
 I mean, you feel like you know how to do all that. So you don't lose money.\
 Notice how many things that I did were pretty technical. Prospect. Well, not really.\
 I mean, I guess I just have to try and figure it out. So if you don't know how to do all that,\
 How much money do you think you're gonna lose every month? Trying to figure it out without the right knowledge and skills. Prospect. I don't know. I'm not really sure. You say, well, you tell me is it more risky to get the funding together to put in the training and ensure you have the right skills and know exactly what to do, name or once or you're profitable or is it more risky for you to do nothing at all? Try to bring it.\
 and hope it pray it works out for you.\
 I mean, which is more risky.\
 See how I did that.\
}