{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Okay, let's go to objection number 24, you're more expensive than our crevinder. I bet you get that one sometimes. Okay, let's erase this real quick. Okay, number 24, your more expensive.\
 then our current vendor. That's what they're going to say to yourself be to be. You sell\
 B to C like, oh, you're more expensive than what we already have. They're going to say\
 something like this. So first we need to clarify what they actually mean by the statement.\
 Prospect says, you know, Brandy RCO said that you guys are more expensive than the company\
 we are to use. You say in what way, see what I'm doing? Prospect says, well, we're paying\
 5,000 a month for them right now, but you're quoting us almost a thousand more years at 5900 a month. You say,\
 well, we are definitely more than XYZ provider. I guess is cost the most important thing to your CEO,\
 or actually get in results and solving the problem though. Prospect, well, for sure we want to get\
 the results, but we notice yours is more than what we're already using. You say, yeah, I mean, it just\
 This depends on what type of results you guys want.\
 I mean, you want the same results you're getting now, which you mentioned, were causing you to,\
 and you're going to repeat the consequences of the problem they said they'd mentioned.\
 Or do you want to actually solve that so you can, and you repeat that what they said they wanted?\
 Let's say in this example that you sell, and I give this example before, let's say you sell medical device.\
 Never placements, okay?\
 Here's how it works.\
 Well, it just depends on what type of results you guys want. I mean, do you want the same results you're getting now? Which I think like you mentioned was causing it overspin on operative time, have you see the patient over and over again post surgery? Or do you want to actually solve that? So you'll eliminate all the follow ups and free up all that time to perform more surgeries. Okay? See how that works? All right.\
}