{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  I saw some negative reviews about your company on mine. Oh, I bet you get that one sometimes, right? Because nobody has 100% perfect reviews.\
 As your company gets big, big, big. There'll always be some joke out there. No matter if you did the greatest job for them, that will say something.\
 His hair looks stupid. I mean, they'll just say something. I saw some negative reviews.\
 some negative reviews about your company online. Okay first we need to find out what they\
 actually mean. How many did they actually see? This objection could be easily to\
 If you want to ask a few questions, help some answer themselves. Prospect says this. You know, Alice, we were doing some research over the weekend. We saw your company had some bad reviews. You say, "Oh, interesting. How do you, how do you mean by bad reviews?" Prospect, well, there were some people saying some bad things about your company. You say, "With these actual clients, or just some negative people online that have a lot of time on their hands?" Prospect, well, I think some people are saying, "Well, I think some people are saying that they\
 But not sure if they were all kinds. I'm not sure you say now when you say you saw negative views how many did you actually see prospect well not quite sure there were probably 10 to 15 maybe if I'm guessing 10 15 somewhere in that round that we saw you say okay so you saw 10 negative views.\
 We have over 5000 clients now.\
 So if you saw 10 clients, let's say they were even clients,\
 'cause the reviews we see most of the market,\
 we're never clients.\
 But let's just, you know, let's say 10 clients\
 at a 5,000 complaint and said we were bad.\
 That's about 0%, so that would be one fifth,\
 of one percent that we're complaining,\
 while the other 99.8% have great experiences\
 and actually gets your problem solves,\
 and actually get them the results they want.\
 So if we have a 99.8% success rate,\
 what would that possibly mean about us getting\
 our clients results?\
 Prospect, well, yeah, I guess it sounds like you guys\
 do great things.\
 Well, our clients would say that for sure,\
 but can I make a suggestion to you?\
 Prospect, say sure thing.\
 You say, have you ever considered that no matter how great you do for your clients? That when your company is larger, there's always going to be some that for whatever reason will not do with their supposed to do on their end. And then who do they usually blame that for? Who do they usually blame that on? CrossFit? Well, yeah, they blame the company. I mean, we have clients like that that can play. And so I really appreciate you clearing that up for us. See how easy that is? You've got to help them overcome that in their own mind.\
 Okay? All right.\
}