{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Can you give me any guarantees? Can you give me a guarantee? See, if this guy born in Arkansas, can make $33 million in straight commissions and four different industries as a W2 salesperson. When I had my 16 and a half year sales career and I can't even spell, you probably have a good shot. Just have to learn the right skills. I'm just giving you our time.\
 This objection can come up in separate different industries,\
 depending on what you sell.\
 Let's give you an example.\
 Prospects says, what type of guarantee do we have with this?\
 You say, hey, we can cover that.\
 Tell me what's behind that question just so I understand.\
 Oh yeah, we can cover the guarantee.\
 Tell me what's behind that just so I understand.\
 And you ask this question because you want to find out\
 why they're even asking it in the first place.\
 did they get burned by another company in the past that couldn't fulfill what they said they could?\
 There's so many different reasons why they might ask this question. So instead of just answering it,\
 and saying, "Yes, we have a guarantee in the way it works is or no, we don't have one because of\
 first you need to understand what's behind the question. Where's it coming from?" And a lot of times\
 you ask that question to prospect, we'll release their frustration out from the past, feel relieved,\
 not even care about an eGerrenty. But let me give an example of how this might look, this industry\
 specific. Now in this scenario, the salesperson and potential customer are meeting for the first time,\
 and the prospect is looking to stalk a popular line of consumer goods into a grocery store,\
 for example. Prospect says, "Okay, what's your company's eGerrenty on returns?" You say, "Oh, yeah,\
 But we can cover that, tell me what's behind that question I just saw understand.\
 Now, let's go back and look at the actual question that was asked. What's your company's\
 guarantee with regard to returns? To the salesperson this means that the retailer wants to\
 buy merchandise without the risk of it not selling, but the issue is the prospects true\
 intentions were not specified with his or her question. The prospects question doesn't even\
 specify what kind of returns or what circumstances there might be. So the prospect would say,\
 yeah, I mean, we got stuck with an inventory of torn labels and damaged products about\
 seven, eight months back and we lost tens of thousands of dollars and that we just couldn't\
 and risk doing something like that ever again.\
 You would say, that makes more sense.\
 Can you tell me more about what actually happened?\
 Prospect, yeah, we had tons of torn labels\
 and about 15, maybe 16% of the inventory was completely damaged\
 when we got it.\
 It was a huge loss for the company.\
 And you say, okay, so you're asking about damage\
 to the product itself and the packaging, right?\
 Okay, so if the label or product is damaged in a way, what we do is, and then you can\
 continue on. Notice the sequence of this conversation. The prospect asks a question. The sales\
 person asks for more information to clarify by saying, "I'm curious, did you ask me that for\
 reason?" or, "Yeah, we can cover that. Tell me what's behind that question just so I understand,\
 Number two, the prospect then provides more details on why they asked the question or the\
 objection.\
 Number three, the salesperson gets feedback about the customer statement and offers a solution.\
 Now, let's say if you sold a real estate training course and the prospect asks you for a guaranteed, it's gonna look a little bit different.\
 So let's take a look about that.\
 Okay?\
 Once again, there's always tweaks here depending on what you sell.\
 Prospect.\
 Now, what's my guarantee that this is actually gonna work?\
 you say, "Oh, we can go over that." But tell me, what's behind that question just swine or stand?\
 Prospect, well, I've got a real estate course several years ago, but I never made any money from it. Oh, what course did you actually buy? Prospect says, "Oh, is the XYC course by Janice Smith?" Okay, and I guess what parts of the program cause you not to make money though? Well, I didn't feel like they would teach me how to do this, teach me how to do that. Okay, now I'm\
 So that's a pretty big company. So they must have subclines having success for them to be around for 12 years and be that big.\
 So if there are other people getting results from that, what do you think held you back from having some results as they were?\
 Well, and see it's the same objection that we kind of covered a little bit earlier.\
 Well, you know, I'm not saying that it was bad. I just really busy at that time and I didn't have my head straight,\
 but their support really was not that good either.\
 Okay, what part of their support was not good?\
 Well, they didn't have this,\
 and they didn't have that.\
 Okay, so the supports important you that.\
 Oh, yeah, for sure, okay.\
 You can resolve that concern by sometimes just hearing their frustrations.\
 Okay, let's move on to the next subject.\
 We kind of already went that over in a different example,\
 but I wanted to give you a little bit of a different take on that.\
}