{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Objection number 43, I never make rash decisions. Here we give that objection. Now this is very similar to the I want to think it over objection from a prospect meaning it's not the real objection.\
 I won't go and think about a bind decision for weeks on in.\
 Something you said or did not ask in that sales conversation or process, triggered them to have uncertainty that your company could get them results they want.\
 Prospect says, "I never make rest decisions on the spot, though."\
 "Oh, what do you mean by "brash decisions?"\
 Well, I just need time to think about this.\
 Here's what you say.\
 Okay, that's not a problem. What's your time for him on getting back to me the next day or two just to see if I'd be available for you?\
 Now why in earth would I try to not overcome that ejection right then? And then why would I ever set up a second call or third call or fourth call?\
 Depending on what you sell? Because it takes the sales pressure out of the conversation. Desarms of prospect and causes them to let their guard down.\
 Remember the whole point is to get them to open up of what's behind them sane. I never make rest of shizun's like this.\
 It also position Jews busy with other clients you don't need to sell your detachments from becoming more open.\
 Zarmzon where they want to become more open to you.\
 Prospect, well I guess I could call you back in a few days.\
 Okay, don't take that. You need a scheduled time.\
 salesperson, you say, well, possibly, um, I'm not sure I'd be available randomly like that with, with my schedule. What I can do if it helps is if you have your calendar handy, I can pull up mine and have you book a specific time with me that we don't have to chase me down on vice versa with that view appropriate. And I remember that's called a calendar commitment.\
 You've gone over that a few other times in the training. Now after you book the appointment,\
 you ask this question. Now John before I go, what were you wanting to go over in your mind?\
 Just so I know what questions you might have when we talk tomorrow. See, it's a much better\
 way of saying that rather than saying, what do you want to think about? You say now before\
 I go, what were you wanting to go over in your mind? Just so I know what questions you might\
 have when you talk to my now this is the key at this point they're going to tell you what the real concern is. They might say, well,\
 I'm just concerned about or I'm just not understanding how this part would work for what I need or I'm not really sure I can get the budget for this now.\
 Now you know they're concerned and you can resolve the concern right there and close them.\
 Okay, when you rather know what their real concern is now, while you're in person with them, while you're on the phone with them,\
 wider on Zoom with them or wherever you're at, rather than not knowing and hoping and\
 praying, they show up the next appointment and saying, "I want to get started." They're going to be able to\
 clarify the concern, ask diffusing question, discuss it, and work out a solution together, and most of\
 time, pose the deal on that very call. Now, let's say at the end of all that, you try and resolve their\
 concern, but they still come back around and say, "Well, this sounds good, but I still do not make\
 rash decisions, you can say something like this. Well, yeah, I mean, you tell me is it more risky for you to get the funding together so that you can repeat back what they said they wanted or is it more risky for you guys to do nothing at all? All these problems stay the same and nothing ever changes like which is more risky. See how that works.\
}