{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, let's go to objection number 46. I don't want to commit to anything. Now, this objection you really could get an in the industry. It's not one of the top three or four you're always going to get, but you can get it here. So let's address it. Prospect says, you know, at this time, I just don't want to commit to anything. You say, how do you mean? Now, that's just a clarifying question. It's very important for us to do this. I'm going to say, I'm going to do this. I'm\
 clarify so you really understand what they mean by that statement and most importantly understand what the concern is. Say and I don't want to commit to anything is not a real objection.\
 There was something you said or did not ask that's triggering uncertainty in the prospects mine and you're causing them to say that to you.\
 So let's find out what that is. Now this example that's seen yourself recruiting software and services to help companies recruit good quality truck drivers to fill their trucks and the way they're going to be.\
 for goods, cross fate.\
 Well, we just wanna wait and see what happens.\
 I just don't wanna commit to anything right now.\
 That's not a problem.\
 Can I ask you something now?\
 Prospect, should go ahead.\
 How would it be able to communicate to you\
 that you might be making the wrong decision\
 without you getting upset with me?\
 Prospect, oh, I wouldn't get upset.\
 What do you have in mind?\
 Now, let's go back.\
 I wanna show you why I\
 of the community that you might be making the wrong decision without you getting upset with me? Oh, the prospect's always like, "Oh, I wouldn't get upset. What do you have in mind?" You say, "You'd mention that you wanted to fill five to ten new trucks a month." But you're having like you want to be here. But you're having a hard time finding stable drivers, which is cause you guys to miss out on loads that are going to your competition, which you mentioned was cost you around X, Y, Z dollars every month.\
 it more risky for you to get the funds together to solve that issue, be able to hire\
 five to ten high quality drivers every month like our clients are doing, and all those\
 load start going to your company instead of your competitors. Or is it more\
 risky for you guys to do nothing at all? That problem stays exactly the same. You keep\
 losing all those loads every month and the company revenue keeps stagnating like you mentioned,\
 like which is more risky for you guys. That's an easy concern to resolve. You just have to get them to say like, oh, it's way more risky for us to do this. Okay. All right.\
}