{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Okay, let's go over objection number 36. You know, I make the decisions here. We don't need to talk to anyone else in the company. This objection will come up quite a bit if you sell in the B to B complex, selling an environment world.\
 There should be don't understand what questions to ask to be able to navigate throughout the company's decision-making process and that organization and pull in other influencers and other decision makers.\
 to a recent article on this very subject in Forbes, the average company in the United States,\
 very similar in the world, has 6.7, some of 7 decision makers and/or influenceers. That's the average company.\
 You must know how to get every single decision maker, or even someone who cannot make the decision,\
 who can influence the decision makers on board with what you're offering, otherwise you have\
 no control over the outcome of closing that deal. So what do you do though in the case, a\
 sea level executive says, hey, you don't need to talk to you when else they, you know, we can\
 make the decision ourselves. I'm going to make the decision myself. Realize, most of the time,\
 this is a trap, okay? Unless it's like a small company and it's a CEO and that's the only\
 person who owns it, that's going to be a trap. In nine times out of ten, they can't make the decision themselves,\
 but they're efficient for more information to take back to their bosses so they can try to negotiate with their current vendor,\
 and get a better deal, or trying to look good to you, but have zero authority to buy at the end of the day. Now, what are most sales people say to try to find out who they're decision makers? They say something like this. This is what the average salesperson do is, does. Don't do this. It doesn\
 say, "Now beside you, John, who are the other decision makers on this? Don't do it, say it this way." "Sally can you walk me through your company's decision making process when it comes to solving problems like this? Can you walk me through your company's decision making process when it comes to actually solving these types of problems you mentioned? Prospect says, "Well, I make the decision run seriously. There's no reason for anyone else really to be involved. You say this. "Oh, I wasn't questioned if you could make a decision." "Oh, I don't know.\
 for the company. What I'm asking is who else would be involved as far as implementing this, using this,\
 invoicing this, subscribing this, understanding how this would solve XYZ problem.\
 You would say different things depending on what you sell, you just plug in one of those. You wouldn't say all those, you just plug in one of those.\
 Now, in this example, let's say you sell some type of software that has to be installed,\
 have to be installed, has to be set up with IT and they have to learn how to use it. So you would say this.\
 So can you walk me through your company's decision-making process when it comes\
 actually solving problems like this? Well, we have to get Jim involved. He's our\
 CTOs. We understand how to work for his people. Then you would say, okay,\
 besides Jim though, who else would be impacted by your company switching from\
 your current XYZ vendor over to us though.\
 Press it well. Now that you think to talk to me about what our CO would need to have an\
 understand and as she helps with XYZ. Okay that makes sense. What it help you\
 if we booked a time later in the week, I'd have to look my schedule to run\
 through this with your CTO, their team and your CO to make sure on this\
 they're on the same page and go through questions that they're probably\
 going to have. Oh gosh yeah that would do that for sure that would be very helpful. And that's how you do that that's how you start to navigate through the organization to get other decision makers on board. All right. You do that. You're going to do really well.\
}