{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Can you give me a better price? We had an on a quote that was cheaper. You can actually get this in quite a few different industries both B to B and B to C. Now this could be an objection you get at the end of your presentation or propose a whether an negotiating on price or maybe the next day. Okay, or the next week. This is easy to diffuse with the right NPQ diffusing questions. Prospects as hey can you give us, Barry can you give us a better price on this? You say,\
 What I guess what's behind that question just so I understand or you can say how do you mean by better price? How do you mean by better price or?\
 Very what's behind that question just so I understand?\
 Prospect says well xyz company that came over yesterday gave us a quote that's cheaper than yours you say oh?\
 Okay, I guess what quote did they give you and?\
 For what?\
 Or you can say this and you go over their proposal with me and detail just so I understand better if it's more of a\
 a B to B deal or you can say okay and what type of quote do they give you for what specifically. Now you want to ask the last question\
 me because sometimes a prospect can be making stuff up or they can get a quote but it's for a service\
 problem that is far different than what you were offering and you know it won't actually solve the problem they told you they\
 had. You say well and it just and they show you everything the bubble ball. Okay John thanks for\
 what kind of results do you want?\
 Is price the most important thing to you?\
 Or actually solving those two problems,\
 and actually the getting the results you want?\
 Prospect says, well, we have to have results,\
 but if you could get a better price, that's important too.\
 You ask, sure, can I make a suggestion?\
 Prospect, sure, go ahead.\
 Well, from looking at from what you said,\
 they quoted you what they quoted you as for x, y, z, which does ABC. Now we could give you the same exact quote for that as well. But like I mentioned, it just depends on the results you want. Now this example, let's see you sold windows in this example, okay?\
 It just depends on the results you want. I mean, we could install these cheaper x, y, z brand windows they quoted you, you would just end up having to replace them in the next five to seven years once they start wearing down.\
 and your utility bills would be about the same that they are now, which I think you'd mention your payment $500 a month.\
 And we could also put in a mid-range window that would last a bit longer, probably 10, 11, 12, maybe 14 years.\
 That's going to cut your tillies down, probably by x, y, z percentage.\
 Or we could completely solve the problem and put in the ABC windows, which you're going to last an x, 20 to 25 years,\
 and cut down your utility bill like you'd mentioned around x, y, z\
 is which is more important. Like which is more risky. Is it more risky to get the extra funds to put in for the windows that are going to last you the longest increase the value of their home by XYZ percentage and cut utility probably by. Let's say 43% or whatever your number is or. Is it more risky for you to put in these cheap windows you tell these just stay the same. So you paid $200 more month and you'd have to. The cold there keeps coming in.\
 at night in your daughter's room like you mentioned and you end up having a replace\
 them again in the next five to six years. I mean, which is really more risky, which is more expensive. That's how you do that. All right. And that's just an industry specific example. Struggler industry is going to be a little different.\
}