{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, let's go over objection number 23. I'm already speaking with another company. What do you do then? Now this objection will likely occur at the beginning of a, especially a cold call or could happen on an outbound lead at the beginning of that conversation. The main thing we have to do is understand.\
 is we have to discern the prospect, which triggers them to want to keep engaging rather than trying to get rid of us and shutting down.\
 So let's say the prospect says this the first part of a cold call.\
 Oh hey, we're good. Like we're already speaking with another company about this actually. You say,\
 yeah, that's not a problem. That's pretty normal. And just so you're aware, I'm not sure we could even help you yet.\
 You know, we'd have to understand more about what you're doing in X, Y, Z area, just to see if we can even help you in the first place. And if we can, you know, we can continue the conversation, but if you find that we can, we can just hang up the phone or even maybe recommend someone else you might be able to help you better. Are you with me on that? Now, no prospect is going to say, no, I'm not with you and hang up on the phone. It's going to be extremely rare for them to hang up. Most are going to\
 And then you're going to ask your first situation. I guess I should start a basket.\
 Could you walk me through what you guys are doing now with and you ask your first situation?\
 The point is, once you're getting them the lower their guard by this arm in them, by simply saying,\
 I'm not quite sure we could even help you at the point that they're willing to open and actually engage.\
}