{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  I want to speak to other companies first. You ever get that one? How many sales do you lose because you don't know how to become that? Now let's say you get this objection at the end of your sales process when you're trying to close. The point here is you actually know what the real concern is. Because if they loved everything you had to offer, it had a hundred percent certainty would solve their problems and get them where they want to be. Then they would never say that to you, right? So we have to understand that.\
 they have a concern behind the statement that we need to find out and address and then diffuse.\
 Prospect says, you know, this is really good and we appreciate you coming over, but we just want\
 to speak with other companies first. You agree and you say, yeah, that's not a problem. That's\
 always a good way to reduce the sales resistance. You say, yeah, that's not a problem. What are you\
 hoping those companies will say to you? Prospect says, well, we just want to compare prices and things\
 like that. Okay, how do you mean by things like that? Prospect, well we just want to compare\
 what each company does and see all the different price points. You say, okay so let's suppose that you meet\
 with all these different companies. You put in all that work, all of them including us, all meet your\
 criteria including the price. How would you then decide what to do? Now here's where you find\
 find out what they're really looking for and what the real concern is once you ask this question.\
 They're going to say, well, at that point, we'd be looking at who can and then they're going to tell you the one thing that pulls them over the edge.\
 Now you know exactly what that one thing is and your competitors would have no clue because they wouldn't even know how to ask that question or be able to give the prospect to tell them, now you have the advantage.\
 Okay, sometimes right here,\
 they'll even bring up a valid concern,\
 or logistical concern.\
 Let's say if you sold farming equipment,\
 they might say, well at that point,\
 we'd wanna know who can best do XYZ.\
 Now you know what their real concern is.\
 You address it, you diffuse it, and then you can buy on the spot.\
 Now we kinda went over that objection,\
 a different tweak of that a little bit ago,\
 but I wanted you to see a little bit of a different serr\
}