{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Let's go over Objection number 22. There's no budget allocation left this year. Call me then, okay? So, there is no budget allocation. The rest of the year. We've already used it up. Call me back next year.\
 Okay, you sell B to B, you've definitely heard that one before. I know I did, but I sold B to B.\
 My four industries where I made a little bit over 33 million in straight commissions in about a 16 and a half year period.\
 Two of them were B to C, two of them were B to B. So this objection, there's no budget allocation, the rest of the year,\
 call me back next year is a B to B objection. So first of all, we first have to understand. Once again,\
 is this the real concern or are they just saying this to you at the end of the sales call or your sales\
 process to try and get rid of you? Okay once again this is more of a business to business concern.\
 You might get from a sea level executive or some other decision maker in the company that you've\
 been speaking to. Prospect says this is role play. You know we really like this Sally but our budget\
 allocations already been used for the year. We have the new budget that comes out late January,\
 Why don't you just call us back then and we can talk about it? Now, we all know, 99% chance, that you're not going to hear from this prospect. Let's say you're talking in them in September, and they say the budgets already gone to the rest of your call them back in January. That's five months later.\
 So many things can change in that company. The very same decision makers you just talk to might not even be working there or moved to other departments in that company. You might have to start over because it's not like the money is not there.\
 It's not like the money does not exist. It's just the priority of where that money is now being spent.\
 That is important for you to understand. Okay, if you've taken them through the NEPQ sales process and done your job correctly,\
 They should view in their mind that it's far less risky for them to get the funds together, pay for your product or service, solve their problems, get the results they want, rather than then doing nothing and all staying the status quo and nothing ever changes and the problems say the same, which is more risky.\
 This should be handled very similar to how you handle any money objection but with a few tweaks. Let me show you that. So here's the generic formula.\
 You say, yeah, that's not a problem. Tell me if you did have the funding. Is this something that would work for you?\
 Have you asked the right questions in the conversation that always gonna say yes? Okay? Now, did you notice how I had that verbal pause there? All right?\
 Producers, yeah, for sure. Then you say, hold on. Why do you feel like it would though? Did you see my facial expressions, okay? Why do you feel like it would?\
 Well, we feel like it would because of X and Y and Z, we just don't have the budget for it. Then you say,\
 I can appreciate that money might be an issue for you. How do you think you can resolve that,\
 where you can find the money so that you can, and here you're going to plug in what they said they want it.\
 You're tying in them getting the funding money budget with having what they said they want it.\
 If they don't get the funding money, then they can't have what they said they want.\
 Now, if they still cannot come up with ways on how to get the money or the budget, you ask in this question.\
 Well, whatever avenues do you have to find the funding so that you can. And once again, you're just filling in the second thing they said they wanted.\
 Okay, let me give you an industry specific example.\
 So in this example, the salesperson selling, let's say, leads to SMB companies, looking for a higher quality lead or more lead volume for their sales teams.\
 You say this. I sound a problem. Tell me if you did have the funding. Is this something that would work for you? Yeah, I think it would for sure. Hold on. Why do you feel like it would though? Okay? Or if they said what we do, but we just don't have the budget. Well budget aside. Why do you feel like it would though? Oh, it would because of X and Y and Z, then you say, okay, and I can appreciate that my name might be an issue for you.\
 you said, how do you think you can resolve that where you can find the funding so you get these\
 higher quality leads to your sales people? They still can't come up with a way, most of the time\
 they can. Well, we can move funds from this department or you know, I could call this, you know,\
 this side of the business and see if we could allocate some funds here, they'll come up with ways.\
 If they still can't come up with a ways, you then say, what are their avenues you have to find the\
 funding to get the\
 with ways, here's what you want to do. So you ask a consequence. So help me understand.\
 How will you keep your sales people happy? So they don't leave in the next five months,\
 and be able to get up to XYZ revenue this year without having the higher quality leads.\
 Well, I'm not sure. Well, you tell me, is it more risky to get the funding from some\
 more else in the company, another department to put in the higher quality leads. So your team makes more sales now and you, your team actually hits the revenue quotas that your boss has set for you. Or is it more risky to do nothing at all over the next five months? Like you mentioned sales keep going down. And you don't reach your quota. You have for the second straight year like you mentioned, which is more risky. If they still, now most of the time like, oh, it's more risk. I've got to reach my\
 or my boss, my fire. Okay? Hold on, but then you can pro. Now, they still say they can't find the funds. You can offer suggestions from other clients due to get the funds if they don't have them. You can say, can I make a suggestion to you? They're going to say, sure. What I can do show you the avenues that are other clients use to get the funds together if they don't have the funding themselves. And you have to see if you have some of those same avenues if you're wanting to get these higher quality leads.\
 So like you'd mention you can actually hit your quota and your boss doesn't get angry at you. And after you go through the ways to find the funding you simply ask what of those avenues do you have? See how that works.\
}