{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Objection number 18. All get back to you, or we'll get back to you later. All get back to you. If for interested, let's sort that little wrinkle in there. How many of you get this objection? So this is a little bit of a little wrinkle in there.\
 The column objection you get very early in the sales conversation or I'll get back to you.\
 Well, this is objection you'll get, sometimes at the beginning of a call, I'll get back to you later.\
 I'm just busy or you might get this objection at the end. I'll get back to you if for interested.\
 You might say that at the end. Okay? Now, first of all, we need to make sure that we do not come across as a desperate sales person\
 And just agree to let them get back to us or say something like, can I call you later today? And then you just randomly call them later.\
 Or can I call you? Can I follow up with you in a month? Don't ever do that. Never use the FU word to follow up or horrible in sales.\
 Doing this lowers your status with the prospect is they start to view you as just another sales person trying to sell them something.\
 And most of the time you do call back, they never answer. And they don't return your calls, or they've got another excuse on why you need to call them back later than that. So never fall victim to that. Now, in this example, let's say you call them outbound lead. And they say within the first 30 seconds, this. Hey, this sounds good. I just don't have time to talk, Jenny. Can I get back to you later? You say this. Possibly. You know, I'd have to read this. And I'm not going to read it. I'm\
 look at my schedule to see if I could be available for you. What I can do if you have your calendar handy though I can pull up mine. That way you can book a specific time with me and that way you don't have to chase me down a vice versa with that help you. Then you book a specific time later that day or the next if you book a time a week away.\
 The likelihood the prospect of remembering show is very low as you know.\
 Now, why would I just not agree to let them randomly get back to me?\
 Because more than likely they won't, right? It's a fight or flight response they gave when you originally called them.\
 So at this point, they're going to try to get rid of you.\
 Realize when we come into any sales call or sales conversation no matter what we sell,\
 we must first establish what's called an NEPQ status frame.\
 Meaning when we enter that call, we must get the prospect to at least view us at the same level as them as far as our status.\
 Now, by the middle to the end of that call, that conversation or conversations, we had to get them to view us as having a much higher status in that subject we are communicating to them about.\
 That triggers them to view us as an expert or a trusted authority that can get them in the results are looking for,\
 rather than viewing us as just another salesperson trying to sell them something. So when they say they'll get back to us later the beginning of the call or even if they say can you call me back later. The way we establish the right status frame is simply acting detached from them doing that the outcome. When we say, well. Possibly I'd have to look at my calendar to see if I'd even be available for you. And we say that.\
 start to trigger in that mind that you're busy. You don't need them. You got tons of\
 clients. Therefore you might have something valuable or important to them. Especially when we say, "What I can do if you have your calendar handy, I can pull up mine and have you book a specific time with me?" That way you don't have to chase me down a vice versa. Would that help you? That establishes a status frame where they view you much differently. All of a sudden you're suggesting making book a specific time. That way they do it. You're not going to have to do\
 don't have to chase you down. It goes into think you must be very successful. And now lots of clients are a successful. If others are having to chase you down just to get on a call about what you offer. So must be in something important to them. Now let's say they give you this objection at the end of the sales call. If you sold maybe to see and you did a one call close, it would be different than if you sold in business to business and we're trying to set up. Let's say a second call for a demo or proposal or whatever your next step.\
 is in your sales process. There would be a difference there. See how that works. So let's say you're\
 sold B to C in this example. Prospect says, you know, we really, really like this\
 Jane, what you offered to us, but give us some time and we'll get back to you with an answer.\
 I know you get that objection a lot. So you're going to say this. Yeah, that's not a problem.\
 I guess what's your time for you on getting back to me later to day or tomorrow to see if I'd even be\
 one week you get back to. We just need some time to really think it over. Ah. Now you're starting to close\
 up with your actual objection is, but not quite yet. Here's what you do. Well, and this is the counter commitment. Same thing we've been teaching you. Well, what I can do is if you have your calendar handy, I can pull out mine and have you book a specific time with me that we don't have to chase me down a vice versa with that help you. Yeah, sure. Now at this point, you still don't know what the real concern is\
 some time we will get back to you or I need some time to think about it. Remember that's not the real objection. The objection is behind that response for giving you. If you don't find it with the objection is the likelihood of them getting back to you is slim to none as you know. So you would treat this exactly like you would. I want to think it over objection, which is you already know we've covered that objection already. So after you booked a specific time with them for the next call you simply ask this question.\
 Now, before I go, Jane, what were you? I guess wanting to go over in your mind. Just so I know what questions you'll have when we talk tomorrow. See how I did that. Now, this is the key at this point. You're going to tell you what the real concern is. They might say, well, I'm just concerned about, or, well, I'm just not understanding this part, or well, I'm not quite sure if we can get the budget for this. Now, if you rather know what the real concern is now, when you're on the Zoom with them or\
 them, they're not knowing and hoping you're in praying. They show up to the next appointment.\
 Then you'll be able to clarify that concern. Ask a diffusing question. And then\
 discuss it like two people are trying to work out a solution together. And most of the time\
 close that sale on that call. Now, in this example, let's say you sell\
 B2B and you're trying to set up a second call to do a demo of your product or\
 service that you sell and you get the same\
 let us get back to you. Let's\
 understanding of your company situation. Really the next step would be if it's appropriate.\
 As we would schedule a demo with your team to go over how the XYZ product would actually solve the problems.\
 Repeat back to the specific problems you brought up from your questions.\
 And get you guys to where you're wanting to go. Would that help you?\
 Prospect.\
 Well, I'm not quite sure we'd have the time right now. Why don't you just get back to us later? Just get back to me later.\
 Yeah, that's not a problem. I guess what's holding you back though from exploring this further so that you can and you're going to repeat back what they said they wanted. The prospects going to say, well, we're not sure about and then they're going to tell you the real concern. Now, depending on what their concern is, it depends on how you draw a set at this point. You then clarify, discuss it like two friends working together for solution and you need to choose it.\
 book them for the second corporate or demo or whatever you have.\
}