{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Alright, objection number 26. I want to make sure it's a right time for me to focus on this. Just need to make sure it's a right timing.\
 Now that's an objection you can get in both B to B or B to C. Prospects says, "I want to make sure it's the right time for me to really focus on this." You ask a clarifying question.\
 How do you mean by the right timing? Prospect? Well, I'm really busy with my kids. My studies, my work, whatever excuse they throw out.\
 You say, how much time do you think you would need to put into this just so I understand?\
 Prospect, well, it looks like you went over with me that I'm going to need to put in at least 15, 20 hours a week into this.\
 Then you say this.\
 Well, I guess you could.\
 And most of the clients just typically put in four to five hours a week to get those\
 type of results we talked about with that help you. Now, why do we do that? Most of the time\
 you can resolve simply because they thought they would need way more time to invest in this\
 and they actually needed. Now the way I taught you to resolve this would only be for certain\
 industries and products and services. So let me give you another way to resolve the same concern.\
 Okay, depending on what you sell. And this example, let's say you sell relationship or marriage counseling or coaching.\
 We train a lot of companies in that as well, which helps people have a better relationship or marriage.\
 Prospect says, I just want to make sure it's a right time for me to really focus on this. You ask, how do you mean by the right time?\
 Prospect, well, I'm really busy with my work right now. You say, yeah, that's not a problem. Can I make a suggestion?\
 and John, sure go ahead. How will you be able to repair your relationship with your wife? If you\
 don't take the necessary time to learn how to dissolve the conflicts and be able to reconnect again.\
 Prospect. Well, I don't know. I guess I have to figure something out. You, are you willing to\
 settle for that? That's your softly challenging. Are you willing to settle for that? Prospect?\
 Well, I guess if I have to, if I don't have a choice, you say, "Well, whose choice is it if you set or not?"\
 I say, "Well, I guess it'd be my choice." Then you say, "Well, you tell me, I mean, which is more\
 risky for you and your spouse getting the funds and dedicating the time over the next three months to\
 learn once and for all how to heal the relationship?" So you feel connected again and your marriage\
 tries for you and your family and you move on or is it more risky for you to do nothing at all? And those\
 problems stay the same. The lack of intimacy the same, lack of connection stays the same, and nothing\
 ever changes and you end up getting into the wars. Which is more risky for you and your family? They will\
 always say it's more risky if they don't do anything at that point. And they're going to say yeah,\
 Yeah, that's right. I need to do something. Okay. Do you want to change all that and have the marriage you wanted and feel connected like you mentioned when you first got married? And they're going to say, yeah, I want that bad. And that objection is gone. Now once again, that's the objection you only get in certain industries and I gave you two ways how to resolve that could be a little bit different in other industries, but I wanted to give you those two examples.\
}