{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  What do you do in the prospect just says, "Hey, I'm not interested." Like at the beginning of a sales call, door to door, B2B, cold call doesn't matter. They just say, "Hey, I'm not interested." I'm not interested. I know all of you get this, especially if you do outbound or cold calling or door to door, B2B, I know a lot of you get this. This is just another nature of reaction. Some prox, prospects are going to give you at the beginning of a cold call for B2C or B2B.\
 or sometimes even if you call now, bound lead. Okay? It's comparable to you walking into a retail store to shop for clothes. You really need some clothes and the salesperson comes up to you says, hey, how can I help you? And you say, just looking, you see it's just a trigger spots from what you were saying at the beginning of that call, that conversation. That causes your prospect to go into fight or fight and over. They try and get ready. Prospect sets, that's wrong play. Hey, I'm not interested. I'm just not interested. Oh, I have a\
 I didn't mean to offend you and just see you know I'm not quite sure we could even help you yet\
 We'd have to understand more about what you're using for A, B and C in that area just to see if we can even help you in the first place and if we can't we can just in the call or if you find that we can possibly we can continue the conversation if you want us to are you with me on that?\
 You know, your prospects are going to say, okay, yeah, that makes sense. If they say, no, I'm not interested in hang up the phone, then just move on. You're not going to sell them anyways. Most of the time we're like, yeah, that makes sense. Like, what do you guys do or what question do you have for me? Okay, I probably should start by asking you about and you go right into your first situation. Okay, which we teach in all of our virtual training courses right into your from situation connecting question to situation to problem awareness to solution awareness questions to constant\
 questions to transition to commitment questions to close it. All right.\
}