{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  I've never done this before, that's more money than I've ever spent. Oh my gosh, what are we gonna do? Alright, let me get a drink of water. You guys are making thirsty here. Now, this is an objection. You might get quite a bit if you sell and what's called the high ticket industry. Okay, so in this example, you might get another industries, but more swords that high ticket industry. So in this example, let's say you sell, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know,\
 you sell some type of trading software that teaches people how to successfully trade and make money at it. Become a full-time trader. Prospect, you know, very I've never done this before. That's way more money than I've ever spent. You would say, how do you mean how do you mean by that exact? Or how do you how do you mean or and what way by that or how do you mean by that? Just a clarifying question. Prospect. Well, since like this is going to cost me a lot of money. You well,\
 So I'm assuming you understand when you want to acquire the right skill sets to be able to make more money trading, it's going to require capital or credit to put into that so you can make a lot of money and really minimize your risk.\
 I mean, how much funding you think most people put into acquiring those type of advanced skills so that they can make that type of money where they can actually lead their jobs and become full time traders.\
 do you think most people invest for something like that? Processes says, "Well, I'm not really sure." Well,\
 typically it's tens of thousands of dollars and years of their lives trying to learn that.\
 So when people see all they have to put into the trading software and us train them how to use it\
 is only 21,000 compared to the amount of money they make from learning those skills,\
 that actually feel like they're stealing it from us. I mean you tell me, is it more risky to get the\
 funding to get her put into the train software? We train you and you get up to XYZ in coming year,\
 like you mentioned? Or is it more risky for you to do nothing at all? You're financial problem\
 to stay exactly the same thing. You have to stay in your job for the next 5, 10, 20 years.\
 And nothing ever changes like which is more risky. Now if they still cannot overcome this\
 at that point, then you go into the standard we don't have the money objection found earlier\
 in this training because sometimes you can resolve that with that as well.\
}