{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  All right, so objection number 15, I need to talk to the board to make a decision, which is normal. Okay? So if you sell me to be in your selling to an enterprise level company, this is a pretty normal process.\
 You might even encounter this selling S&B as well. However, you need to fully understand a company's decision-making process and get the other board members, decision makers, and influencers of those decision makers on board with your solution.\
 Because if you don't, you have no control over that outcome and you will lose a ton of sales without having that control.\
 Prospect says this so looks really really good\
 Avary, but we just need to take this tour our next board meeting and present it to the board and see what they think you say. Yeah, that's not a problem. How does your board feel about you guys being able to?\
 Solve this problem so that you can and\
 Repeat that what they said they want it now\
 Obviously I gave you generic example there instead of saying how would you feel how would the board feel about you solving the problem? You just actually?\
 mentioned that problem. They're going to say, "Oh, I think they would want us to be able to do that for sure, but we still have to go through our processes." Then you say this. So, okay, but what happens if you go to the board and they don't want you to get the extra funding, how would you ever be able to? And then you repeat that what they said they wanted. Prospect says, "Well, I may be a lot harder for sure than you say this." What it help if we had you introduces to the board and we can go to the board.\
 some of the issues you mentioned your company was having and now we could help, possibly solve those, like we do with their other clients, would that help you more? Every prospect is going to say, yeah, I think that would make sense. And that's all you got to do. Now, there's a little bit more to the decision making process that's outside of the objection handling training that is found in our virtual training courses or any PQ advanced 3.0 portal.\
}