{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  Let's go into objection number four. How do you overcome the I need to think it over concerned? I know if you're watching right now that you get this objection no matter what you sell. You're going to have prospects at say I want I need to think it over. So let's talk about that for a second. Let's go and erase this. And we're going to get started. Okay. How do you overcome that I need to think it over concerned?\
 I need to think, it, over. How many of you get this objection? I know all of you do. Okay? Here's the question. How do you disarm the prospect? Where they won't push back? Where they will open up to you and tell you what the real concern actually is. How do you actually disarm the prospect?\
 Because we all know that I want to think it over is not a real concern. There's something behind that, right?\
 What are most reps say when they get that concern at the end?\
 Most reps say something like this and they have different versions of this.\
 Prospect says, "Hey, hey, should care really like this, but we just need some time to think it over.\
 We need some time to think about it. Most sales people say some version of this."\
 Hey, you know, I'm confused, Sarah.\
 You said, and then you repeat back what they said they wanted.\
 And then you say, well, what do you need to think about,\
 or what do you need to think it over?\
 Or they might say, well, what do you need to think about?\
 Now, all of that is a logical-based trap\
 to get the prospect to admit that they said they wanted\
 to change your situation, but to people buy\
 on logical emotion, 100% emotion.\
 So you might win over\
 who's probably sell what you do, if you knew how to use human behavior to your vantage and really your prospects advantage as well. Because they don't buy from you, they don't get their problem solved. Okay. So realize when your prospects as I want to think it over most of the time, this is because you have not asked the right questions at the right time in that sales conversation helped them clearly see what their problems are. The root cause of the problem and how it's affecting them if they don't do anything.\
 Remember when a prospect says I want to think it over? That is not a real objection.\
 Do you really think they go back and start thinking about it for several hours a day?\
 No, of course they don't. They have a real concern, but they're just not wanting to tell you what that is.\
 So they give you a small screen objection and say I want to think it over. Just a need your response.\
 You probably do it to salespeople too, don't you? Remember, you can't tell them that though.\
 You have to ask the right questions that allow them to tell themselves, and when they tell themselves why they need to change their situation, they start to do what they persuade themselves.\
 And it creates massive urgency for them to want to purchase now, not weeks or months down the road. Now on the flip side.\
 When they feel the problem is not that bad, because you couldn't help them see that because your question was off,\
 it causes them to feel that the problem might not be that bad after all.\
 Maybe they feel they cannot, maybe they can't, they feel like you can't get them the results they want. Okay? So you have to build that gap in their mind from where they are compared to where they want to be. If you can't, the gap becomes small, problems not that big, cost to expensive, I need to think it over. So there has to be a gap in their mind from where they are. The current situation or current state compared to where they want to be. We call that their objective state or what their future is going to look like. And what's holding them back from getting\
 all these problems that your questions have helped them see that they have, that they didn't know before they got in that conversation with you. The larger the gap, the more urgency there is for them to buy now not later. That gap can only be created in their mind with the questions you asked them. Remember repeat that. The gap can only be created in their mind. By the questions you know how to ask them. Here's an example of how to resolve that concern. I'm going to give you generic example that's not in the same way. I'm going to give you generic example that's not in the same\
 street specific here. Okay, Prospect says, ah, you know this sounds really good to me, Frank, but we just need some time to think it over. You say this. Yeah, that's not a problem. What's your time for you? I'm getting back to me in the next day or two just to see if I'm going to be available for you. Say you have to disarm them first. Okay, you have to disarm them first. You have to get them to open up. That's not a problem. What's your time for you? I'm getting back to me in the\
 to see if I'd be available for you. Now you're asking why an earth would I not try to overcome that objection right then and there why would I ever set up another call? Here's why. Because it takes the sales pressure out of the conversation when they think I'm about to leave. It disarms the prospect and causes them to let their guard down. Okay. It also positions you as very busy with other clients. You don't need the sale. You're detached. It disarms them where they become more open. If you're not going to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to\
 you say, just to see what I'm going to be available for you, that is a sign that you have lots of other clients. You don't need them. You don't need the sale. You're detached. It disarms in where they become more open. Prospects says, well, I guess I could call you back in a few days. Maybe later this week. Don't take that. You need a scheduled time. No, waltzing. If the prospects as I'm going to call you back, 99% chance or not, you have to have a scheduled time. You say this. Well\
 I'm not sure if you're available randomly like that, but what I can do if you have your calendar handy, I can pull up mine and have you book a specific time with me.\
 That way you don't have to chase me down on vice versa. Would that help you?\
 See what I did there. It's a calendar commitment. Works every time.\
 So you're not desperate. You're busy. You tons of clients that you're helping them solve their problems.\
 Now, after you book the appointment, let's say today's Monday you book the appointment for Tuesday. Before you go, whether it's in person in a house in a boardroom, whether it's on Zoom for inbound or outboundly, whether it's on the phone, whether it's on a doorstep. I don't care. Doesn't matter. Before you leave, will you simply say is this? Now, um, before I go, well, I guess what were you wanting to go over in your mind? Just so I know what questions you might have when we talk tomorrow. They're gonna be\
 I'm just concerned about or I'm just not understanding this part or I'm not sure if we have the budget or the money for this and that's a real concern. Now, would you rather know what their real concern is now when you're on zoom with them on the phone with them and person with them?\
 Or would you rather just hope and pray that they show up to the next appointment? No, you don't want to do that. You want to know if the objection is right now.\
 Then you can stay with them, clarify the concern, ask diffusing questions, discuss it like two people who are working together and most of the time you can actually close a sale right there at that appointment.\
 And worst case scenario, if you can't, you have a schedule appointment next year of the day after.\
 See how that works? Okay.\
}